oh I I don't know if you guys know this
but this past year I've gotten very rich
famous and humble thank you thank you
and maybe you caught this I don't know
who saw this I tweeted out a photo of
myself wearing just underwear nothing
but underwear just the women on your
floor in the morning no I really liked
the idea being crumbled on someone's
floor like having to put this back on in
the morning just like
[Music]
me and imagine a walk of shame and shame
it's an actual trash bag like it looks
like a glad bag I feel like every
comedian needs a leather special like
there's all right every comic has some
special where they were all leather and
they regret it later very overt needed
very / needed so I tweet at this photo
of myself okay I'm in I'm holding coffee
I'm topless in just underwear and it
goes viral like it was everywhere every
every news show every website and that's
when I learned the word you don't want
people to use when a nude photo of you
goes viral brave
I know I did you take your clothes off
around zone for the first time and
they're just like damn you look mad
brave right now shorty looks empowered
like now as if I'm standing there like I
I am blacking out tonight I am blacking
out tonight anybody if you're a real
winner then you'll has anyone ever
blacked out and been awake when they've
come out of it thank you thank you
sister
it's kind of cool cuz yours like you're
a time traveler you're just like back in
your body like what are people wearing
now and he just kind of keep using I was
higher in college thank you I came out
of a blackout and there was a stranger
going down on me so I was like okay I
decided to pop him gently so it was not
to startle him yeah
sir so cuz I'm laying there and I'm like
what do I know about this guy at this
point right I know that he has brown
hair and I know that he is a hero
please breathe okay
he's brave and I'm gonna tell you why
he's brave and this does not leave this
theater and just leave your home here's
why he's brave on my pussies best day
it's almost no dad
well you know you wake up you're having
a good day and that maybe maybe you know
you're gonna have a visitor so in the
shower you get very real in there you
know you pull things back you know
usually you kind of minority report your
own blue seam just you get it it's like
stranger things you just kind of get him
gotta find barb guys she's in there
if you've access to a detachable shower
head guess what I just want you guys to
thinking that's how big my pussy is just
like it's really like
I'm already best day my pussy smells
like a small barnyard animal ok
like not like a big fucked-up llama like
chewing and spitting and reeking like a
goat
you buy the food palette
[Music]
you know you don't go like would be good
Commons words that after a Isis it's
fucked up guys it's bad and you know
what that's fine that is the nature of a
pussy your son's gonna have homeless
pussy like no they don't tell you it's
just the fucking nature of it and it's
like we're so embarrassed I know some
girls who won't even let anybody go down
on them they're just like oh my
like I will forward your mail yeah head
on down a push down
[Applause]
and if that's not your thing fine you
know if I never started dating a guy and
he was like you know what it's not my
thang gonna be like that's fine and then
I would invite him to go hiking at Red
Rocks and I would push him off a fucking
mountain they come they go to kiss you
you know
[Music]
[Music]
Yeah right me like I love that chick
that's sexy that's hot
my suit I see family around just the
copy every pose look at I wish we were
raised more like money right just like
here's an example of how we're different
we're so worried about our pussies right
have you ever had a guy come in your
mouth and go
[Applause]
[Music]
that would never happen because men you
are raised to hate yourselves your rings
and your parent they're just like
everything you do is America and don't
get me wrong you guys we love your come
all they can play
[Music]
is there anything bad about come I can't
think of anything away I just thought of
something
if you got even a drop of it in your
mouth the rest of the day
keep the meeting go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
that is awesome that's I catch a glimpse
of myself
on the big screens doing shows and I'm
like first of all I'm like who's not
dude like I seriously I have good
self-esteem I do but I'll catch a
glimpse of myself on the screen
sometimes I'm like I shouldn't be here I
should be on a mound going just like
[Applause]
- oh please more ladies let me be real
because I was doing an interview with me
and Bill Hader and the interviewer was
asking him hard-hitting questions like
what are your favorite German beers and
and then he was asking me softballs like
what's it like to fuck you that bill was
upset he was like you don't have to
answer that Amy and I was like he's
gonna find out anyway bill but I told
them and I will tell you guys exactly
what it's like to fuck me have you ever
seen a somebody standing on a box
painted all silver in a Town Square and
you don't know if they're alive or not
[Applause]
but everyone so I'll do cause the person
that's what it's like to fuck me that's
it like it's cheaper for my mind than a
dancer except no one's ever given me a
dollar I don't think shit I laid there
like I either lay on my back like that
or if I want to blow his fucking mind
sometimes I lay my stomach just like
this
hums right away
[Applause]
man deserve more credit they do when it
comes to sacks we don't have to do
anything you guys man you have to work
so hard to fuck us you have to get hard
you have to stay Harvard and usually
like this
[Applause]
I finally funny to do that longer but it
worse
do that for you
my boyfriend usually comes in me
usually comes at me but sometimes you
want to mix it up right you gotta have
fun having snacks let him ask my
favorite question where should I come
first of all like we knew you were
thinking of me as a comic I want to fuck
around and be like in this jar in this
way
where should I come
what do you think what do you think
there's three answers right if you're
laying on your back what are the three
places yes she goes you're but what I'm
laying here
I'm tied just whatever I'm not I know
like the fucking Broncos or whatever I'm
I didn't practice
Oh who's your head what are you talking
about
[Applause]
No
yes your touch ran out sir you're tense
and you have to say like you're psyched
about it
where should I kind of you know my
chaise
[Applause]
and be sure
[Music]
I also loved the question because of the
confidence of it right where should I
come I don't know about you guys I've
never dated anyone with American sniper
type accuracy I could be like right here
hit the moving wall get I'm like okay
catalyst um
now most of the time tell me this is a
stripper you guys he's like oh you right
it was Kitty's right and you're like
[Music]
here comes
[Music]
[Applause]
right on the hand just to dribble just
[Applause]
second ago you're the most powerful man
alive now you're just the last point of
Carnival we don't like I don't know girl
cares but then there's that there's that
move we're in a moment of desperation
the guy like nature like finger PA like
nanana didn't happen for you we're
closed
sometimes happens then for three seconds
that means you go you just kind of look
at each other
and if you're with a really sweet guy no
you want me to vote you up no I got it
you catch so much deserved shut-eye
and then that's when we make the shelf
right let's see you do it on he's
parking you know so you like it and you
walk it it's the saddest shelf in the
world and I've been to the Anne Frank
House
I'm a German Jew there used to be more
of us so it's weird
I'm a boyfriend I've been on the road
for so long I really like having a
boyfriend I really love this guy I met
him on a dating app yeah we met when I
signed up they were like congratulations
you have a free lifetime membership and
I was like woman's courage a like what
the fuck
I met him used the fur he's the only guy
I met on there I liked him right away
I really liked him I was like I'm gonna
make this guy wait and I did like all
through dinner dinner I I don't know I
don't have like adult Manning the chef
there's no one like if I want cake I'm
like ribbon cake today if I'm wet I'm
like whoa let's get a dick in there but
I am a germaphobe and that's why I told
him before we did anything sexually I
was like look just so you know I know
for a fact that I don't have any
diseases left
they all burned out I was like what
about you and he was like I've never
been tested and I was like oh mysterious
is david boyeur mouth we went to Paris
I've never been to France because I'm
trash and we went and we were excited
you know we've been together under a
year so we've been trying to keep it
pretty sexy but we both got violent
food poisoning like violence so yeah and
we're not the couple that's like I'm
gonna go take it to spit you know like
we're trying we keep it like under a
year we're still why last night after we
both get violent food poisoning and our
hotel was was one of their room where we
had my bathroom and it was a kind where
like the bed was right there then you're
in the bathroom if you went like
you would loudly hear it so it hits him
first and using their just and then the
way it manifested itself and me
is how do I say there's a not be gross I
was in the bathroom just like the shit
one and he was the puke one but I'm in
there and I'm and then he hears me go
fuck and I grab the trashcan a nicer oh
my whole like shits coming out oh my
holes and then I realize there's holes
in the bottom of the trash can
I'm like are you gonna he's like no I am
NOT if you know me you know I'm on the
NuvaRing for birth control that's my
thing it's easy I don't have to remember
to take a pill not that I ever have
trouble doing that but the NuvaRing if
you don't know it's like this little
latex thing you put them back here buzz
and then you take it out every three
weeks and just like believe all over the
furniture amazing you're right so I
don't know why they won't sponsor me so
so we're like you can leave it in during
sex but I wanted to take it out just
like the thought of it so I you know you
gotta get in there in the back
so he's like right over me I'm like hold
on is like and so I stick my finger and
I try to scoop it with my middle finger
and I sweeten it up there and that's
what I accidentally went knuckle deep
with my ring finger into my own asshole
I straight
and human what I put my finger in my
butt and he was like did anybody do that
I was like not opening up a conversation
about this the mysteries are work we
made it through that I don't even know
why I'm on birth control anymore you
guys know that there's now a male birth
control pill do you know this
they're still testing it but I want him
to go on it immediately I just can't
imagine that but that error though like
of guys be like imagine you go home with
a guy and then you're gonna have sex
with him and you get a condom in your
purse and he just goes ahh no
it's cool I'm on the pill what you're on
what this phone alarm does not appeal
excuse me
Oh No yeah I'm all good I'm so happy to
be in this relationship
the only problem is I'm not the girl
who's like yeah early ever since we've
been together I just can't tell the
drinking like if anything it's
skyrocketed like yeah I still blackout
on the rag and it sucks cuz for years
I've been blacking out and I'll be by
myself when I find a pillow but now
there's a witness I got a witness
so I like out the other night you know I
do just like this is missing some things
annex very dangerous do not recommend
okay but I look very sophisticated so i
black out and I just I wake up in the
morning and I don't even look at him but
I need I can feel that he hates me you
know that feeling like you're just it's
like what's that in the air hmm it's
rage and it's all directed at me so
that's like I'm gonna play stupid I'm
just nice roll over
[Music]
should we list all the things that were
great
I'm grateful for you and you just stares
at me oh okay I'm like okay what did I
get into last night but I just like say
my prayers and go to sleep
[Music]
music now okay
did I give you a surprise about a job
like blow job girl doesn't know how to
do the blow job cymbal
and he's like a many blow job would be a
huge surprise at this point and I don't
want you guys think I'm not giving I
love going down on him I think you gotta
go down I love it I love him I love
doing it
but there are guys who you go down for
like 90 seconds and they're like and
you're like still got it and then there
are guys like my boyfriend where if I
want to blow them to completion it takes
between 10 and 12 years I'm like am i 20
that roll up my sleeves leather yellow
yeah I don't even know that girl anymore
she is gone girl gone I was never a
while though I went down on him very
recently and he neon zoo I'm like if
there's a god we'll put a dick right in
your mouth right
if I'm talking there long enough that
you're yawning guess what you so fun to
date so I'm like okay what did i do when
i black that because okay what you did
was you started pounding Ritz crackers
I'm like I'm sure I wasn't pounding him
he's like you look like a contestant on
a reality show
Betty's that I started on the other
sleeve and this is an exact quote he
said that I was using butter as if it
were cuacamole
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
his slack-jawed a dyed butter eating
then he said that I tried to make two
frozen pizzas out once I wanted to get
them like a hamburger and he said that
he was like in what are you doing and I
accused him he's like chasing him around
the apartment then he said I got in bed
I stacked all of the pillows for pillows
on my side my head right on top and you
Amy weeds gets you pillows and I was
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Siddalee just us I really love this
whole family no bullshit they're they're
from the Midwest I mean not only in LA I
think they pretend like everyone's like
I'm doing great
you're like stay away from cliffs but in
the Midwest they're just so psyched and
his mom his mom is the happiest person
I've ever met her name is Deb and Deb
it's just the happiest person she gets
everything wrong she was like we do
think you were here what she's like I
like that boy what does the name Keith
Rogan I'm like that's absolutely no
one's name everywhere she walked she
said like it looks like she was just
called out as a contestant on The Price
is Right
I like out though I promise you I love
her I'm not complaining it's like I feel
like I really lucked out because a lot
of the guys I dated did their moms have
had a vibe with them where they're like
I wanted to fuck my son
no it's fine you kids like fun I just
always thought we burned up together
right and it's the girl but you just
have to actually get to not have
anything like a starter you just
so I know you guys are thinking this
part of the night you're like Amy wow
you're really well-read and I am look 1
and I don't think I'm any better now
like night you guys I hope you know like
I I know I am trash from Long Island I
have a lower back tattoo that is raised
and crooked and it doesn't mean anything
and I have been fingered by a cab driver
at my request
[Applause]
constantly reminded anything good or
fancy that happens I get went down to
earth er all right quick anything like
we are TV show won a Peabody Award which
I didn't even know what that was
Bernie hiya very fancy it's for people
in media making a difference it's like
big deal and the other people there were
people like the Ebola fighters and
Malala and at the beginning of few words
they showed a little clip of each
person's project
and uh you don't know what they're gonna
choose and so first they show a clip of
the Ebola fighters in the suits this
documentary where they go in and the
saving lives
the bravest people in the world and then
Malala like Malala Inge you know and
then they show except of our show really
what are they gonna choose we've done so
much so many the clip they chose was me
taking a giant bite out of a burger
going I'm gonna go make some room and
walking to the toilet
it was Malala being fitted for a glass
eye and then me like I'm gonna take a
violent up you guys good
the July the train wreck came out two
girls named me Mayci Breaux and Julian
Johnson were shot and killed at the
movie theater when they went to see my
movie and the feeling of like putting
something out and being excited and then
finding up at these two beautiful
amazing smart women who just wanted have
a good time went and got murdered was
crushing and yeah and I I just wanted to
do something about it I knew nothing
about gun violence and I found out that
the guy who had shot them was severely
mentally ill and domestic abuser and I
was like oh well okay why could he get a
gun I didn't I wasn't educated about I
found out that if you are severely
mentally ill or I've been convicted of
domestic violence there are loopholes
words it's not that hard to get a
firearm and I was like oh well I really
want to help make it more difficult for
people who are severely mentally ill
[Applause]
I will even write the booze
second-amendment yes I'm friends of Gun
Owners but what I learned was no matter
what you say as soon as you say the word
gun what gun nuts here is just
[Music]
like not only you seem great you should
get more guns right like you don't you
live in a trailer with no window sir
they're talking about here
and and they found out you guys probably
already know this that if you're on the
terrorist watch list like not just the
no-fly list but the straight-up
terrorist watchlist you can easily get a
gun and so that same guy is like
but while you're here please enjoy our
firearms legally
if you're blind
if your blind isn't fucking bad you can
walk into a gun store hopefully there's
more gun stores than Starbucks and
McDonald's combined in our country so
you're tuning it's very good walking
I'll take it they go that's the phone
you go huh yeah like all about equal
rights for the disabled but a Stevie
Wonder calls me and he's like hey you
wanna go shooting today I'm gonna be
like that thing you look through the aim
is call the site but you don't eat that
thinking again so I'm like okay I would
love it can we just work on not giving
guns to mentally ill terrorists who are
blind and be paralyzed
[Applause]
animals like fucking apples my whole
life sir
[Applause]
and you know what I totally hear you
guys really Schumer you were just
talking about Kamala rear tips now we
have to listen to minute
but what's crazy is that you can catch a
hot load all over your titties and still
not want your loved ones it's shot in a
theater
[Applause]
you know what kind of hope you guys
noticed but I am what Hollywood calls
very fat no you guys know you you know
me I feel very good at my own skin I
feel strong healthy I do I feel sexy
[Applause]
also like my dad is like has that
massiveness in a wheelchair and it's
like I'm just so psyched I can fucking
move you know I'm just like oh yeah
you're alive
[Applause]
and you know I I mean I bought into it
because when I when I was doing my first
movie trainwreck before I did anything
they said somebody explained to me they
were like to see now Amy no pressure but
if you weigh over a hundred and forty
pounds it will hurt people's eyes lost
weight and like I think you should feel
healthy and take care of yourself but I
don't believe in like crash dieting or
starving yourself fuck out of here yeah
so thank God I look very stupid skinny I
might dumbhead that stays the same size
but then my body like shrivels and I
just look like a like a Thanksgiving
Parade Float of like Tonya Harding I'm
just fine nobody likes it it's not cute
I mean so I like all this way back I
just revenge ate as soon as the moon is
over like everything and and I got
worried because it gets in your head
just everything on television and movies
and magazines in the internet all the
women are just like beautiful like
little like skeletons with tits and
you're just saying you know all day I'm
looking at the Hadid sisters and like
those Jenner things and you just like
and I got worried I ain't no way I'm
like oh my god are men gonna still be
attracted to me I remembered I always
forgot this it's another reason I love
men so much men each day of a thought
that goes through their head with her
like I don't know why but I want to put
my penis right in your bottle a couple
times a day someone walks by you know
just like it doesn't make sense to me
either but I know for a fact I want to
take the most sensitive intimate part of
myself I just like Ram it right where
you poop just like they're thinking that
and I'm over here like
[Music]
you write my name ale color it's ballet
slipper I would fuck you if your head
was a ballet slipper I don't care
isn't that a relaxing like not anal but
like mad will fuck us sit down if they
fuck us they will come you know it's a
beautiful easy sweatshirt that's
available I'm not no I am the shittiest
famous person okay I'm a shitty famous
person yes I know I always I'm like I
can't believe it's still going on I say
what I mean I dress like garbage like my
sister and I and I tried really hard you
know I'm like okay like let's do our
best and tape it up and spackle it down
on and yeah but after I leave here I
will look like a newly homeless person
very quickly very quickly trust me my
sister dresses the same but they'll
still write about us Isaac for the
Kardashians they'll be like the Schumer
sisters stepped out today Amy opted for
performance please
and to pleather jacket from forever21
I might be everything they ever was and
Kim chose to wear a bright red and gold
beanie to add to her in the sound Bo was
a Gryffindor have like the most
disappointing people ever to be
photographed look at this it oh it looks
like we were moving and we ran out an
can you check this out ballet flats for
gala hmm zebra pants Dave photographs me
once and think this was the headline
shoe rabbis pastry so she can work out
kind of mean I know they hit the nail
right on the fucking head that's what I
do to work out that's what I do before I
work out I go and I buy a scone and then
I slowly walk around a reservoir and
they eat it my workouts are like a woman
in the hospice never lean on a baked
good looking at the trees and the birds
mm-hmm I'm so disappointing to them as a
famous person that they'll try to make
it sound sexier than it is
Schumer flop their legs and cainy tiny
shorts and you guys have eyes you
understand that that is not available to
me like there's no separation between
church and state up here okay there's
it's not happening I didn't even know
what a thigh gap once I was like is that
like the wage gap do we need to rally
against this since I'm ten years old I
can't wear tiny short so I did one step
all the material shoots up by buzzing
I'd like pulling out like a magician
fucking dog just like fly I have the
ladder deodorant in my crotch so I don't
shave to the point of bleeding out right
here is when my thighs stop touching for
the first time together apart together
fucking teeny tiny shorts fuck you fuck
you
I got photographed paddleboarding
stand-up paddleboarding which can we all
just agree to stop pretending like
that's fun what are we just what would
you like the sensation of being in a
canoe without the comfort of a seat or
the safety of sides no have you often
wondered what it's like to work on a
gondola I can't say that I have no
picture of me I didn't even recognize
myself because I obviously don't suck in
any way it was just like I looked at it
and I was like oh my god Alfred
Hitchcock is alive I was so psyched
honestly the only thing that gets me
through the night the only thing is that
I believe in my heart that Bradley
Cooper wants to fuck me but I believe it
I believe it in my heart
now maybe you're like Bradley Cooper
doesn't really do it for me shut the
fuck up yes he does he's the kind of hot
where when you see him you don't even
mean to but your body just like pivots
around and you just like grab your toes
you're just
[Applause]
by the way that's the I started down as
a kind of hot where when he's talking to
you all your holes get wet you're just
like what the oddest change color and
shit you guys just talking to me at this
event and I don't even think I'm
registering as a sexual person to him
you know cuz I'm thinking to myself like
on the mound you know I'm just like sick
Marty right coop like I'm not and I'm
trying to help him get out of the
conversation with me I'm like okay
because all these like gorgeous girls
are around just like foaming at the
mouth just like oh let me at that dick
hole and I'm like I try to get him out
I'm like all right have a good night
and he's like wait me it's really good
to see you it's yeah
my new boyfriend bully went there and
then a little more than 20 minutes go by
and I'm like okay I'm gonna grab my seat
and he grabs my wrist he goes wait it's
like really good to see you what am I
like like spend some time together I
call my friends roommate school on the
way home I'm with Bradley now I'm at a
new level and then the next night I'm
doing a show in Reno Nevada because you
can have it all and I'm watching the
White House Correspondents Dinner and
they're like can here's Bradley Cooper
and I'm like they're like and here is
his girlfriend it turns out I am NOT his
girlfriend he is dating an actual angel
named Irina Shayk she's a supermodel she
doesn't resemble a person at all it
looks like if a panther something is out
and then like they fucked Giselle and
just shot out the hottest piece of ass
you ever see it like she doesn't watch
she like she's the way she she's like
I'm from nine hours by dog sled outside
pasta she can only see through the
she's so fucking high you can just tell
she's always a wet like the way she like
wants a boyfriend brought out lobe and
she's not your problem
I'm just watching this Reno like I was
thinking that we were I was thinking I
was gonna be rolling around on the beach
with him I don't know is this me is that
my ass I know definitely there's a
picture of me is this me or is this me
you know that bitch will never be brave