not something so you can show that photo
to people and tell them yeah one point
in the show this guy just stood up and
was like whites are the superior race
diseases like whoa that's not cool sir
you need to sit down
all right cool everybody do with photos
and everything thank you so much for
coming out I live I live in New York
right now
and yes and I'm single right now and you
don't mean that shit and whatever I go
out to parts there
that's one friend of mine he's one of
these guys like oh man EQ Gurley scene
just go talk to her man what's gonna
happen what's gonna happen what's gonna
happen any cute girl you see just say
something anything it doesn't matter
what what's gonna happen what's gonna
happen what's gonna happen I'll tell you
what's gonna happen that girl is gonna
be meanest shit to me for no reason at
all why do I want to deal with that hi
how are you fuck you all right I'll see
you later I'll go talk to my friend
Brian he's always nice to me and sure
that's a little bit of an exaggeration
but that is how I feel sometimes I once
put up this girl cuz I thought she had a
cool person her shoulder I said hey
that's a nice bag and she said thank you
then we started talking and she seemed
nice then at one point her friend comes
over and when the girl's friend comes
over she goes oh hey this is Z
she came to talk to me because he
thought I had a cool bag and rolled her
eyes wow that's really rude no reason to
do that I was just being nice right so I
said to myself right there whenever I
leave this conversation I'm gonna make
sure this girl knows I don't give a shit
about her and I really like her bag so
one point we're sitting there talking
and I was like yeah hey what's that over
there and then I stole her purse yeah
that bags mine now I never know what to
say to girls in situations like that so
I so awkward I was having lunch with a
friend of mine once and I told him hey
there's just one girl the words this
restaurants he's so cute but I don't
know what to say to her and he goes oh
man I gotta do is go over there and be
honest with her for a minute really
that's all I gotta do so I just need to
walk over excuse me miss I just need to
be real honest with you for a minute
I hear all the time and what I do I
stare at your face
and I imagine us fucking lie emo
sandwiches
let me know if you'd like to turn my
fantasy into your reality I'm not sure
that would work out too well people wise
give you the same dumb advice in
situations like that they'll say things
like I'll just leave her a big tip how
does that work I just walk over yes can
I get a muffin please here's $100 I
think you know what that means I'm
willing to have sex with you for the
price of 98 dollars I was doing that
joke one night this guy in the
audience's yells just to learn your own
TV yeah
there's no way I'll sound like a jerk if
I do that right excuse me miss um oh TV
I said I'm on TV I don't know what's
going on here but this is the part where
you start sucking my dick
I guess that's what some dudes think
being on TVs like I just walk into bars
what's up everybody just so you know
someone that's appeared on television is
here so British didn't give me a handjob
in the restroom let's line up to the
left no that's not how it works at all
how it works is I walk into a bar and
five dudes are like
oh man oh man bro I can't believe you're
here you gotta take a photo with me of
my puppy my puppies back at my house
though we gotta drive there now that
doesn't sound safe I was in a
relationship for a few years and I think
in the time I was in the relationship
all dating communication went
exclusively to text you can't call
anybody anymore if you call someone they
like what are you on fire the quit
wasting my time text me that shit and I
don't like texting people especially
girls there's always miscommunication
that happens this is a situation I get
into all the time I'll text the girl she
texts me back right away I thank her
back right away she texts me back right
away i text her back right away she
texts me back right away i text her back
right away she texts me back right away
then I'll say something like alright
cools do you want to get pizza on
Tuesday they don't hear anything and I'm
like what just happened I know you read
that shit you spotted 20 other things I
just said what do you not like me
anymore you don't have two seconds and
say yes I want to get pizza or no I
don't want to get pizza would you check
your phone into a locker and go ride a
roller coaster for a few hours what's
the deal and after a few hours of no
response I get real upset and I just
want to send a text and says something
like well guess who just got uninvited
to the pizza party
Judy cuz I hate you now girl always
write something back sorry I was at my
niece's ballet recital we had to turn
off our phones whatever we're done I
finished a piece of hours ago Brian he's
nice to me I went out with this girl in
LA a few times she was really nice and
last time I was in LA I called her up
and asked her out for dinner she's like
yeah sure then two hours before our date
she calls me up she goes as ease I
really want to go out to dinner with you
but I kind of have a boyfriend now is
that a problem I said yeah it's kind of
the biggest problem we could have why
would I go out with you you kind of have
a boyfriend now what's next hey Aziz I
got you tickets for this Colonel but you
can't bride any rides is that a problem
yes a problem I wanted to ride those
rides that's the whole point of me going
the carnival these tickets you came here
are useless hey Aziz I got your panini
press off Amazon but I shipped it to my
friend Lisa instead of you is that a
problem yes a problem that's not my
address I don't have Lisa's contact info
and now she makes your panini
I really want one what's the best-case
scenario we go out on this amazing
dinner date have a fantastic time we
come back to my place
she's like a season had a really good
time at dinner tonight and I want to
give you a blowjob but I'm gonna use my
boyfriend's penis instead of yours is
that a problem yes a problem sounds like
you're gonna suck your boyfriend's dick
at my house
it's always kind of depressing to me
when I talk to girls that have
boyfriend's because when he asked them
how they met their boyfriend it's never
a sweet story like oh he was this nice
guy and he was doing volunteer work and
one day he said something nice to me and
gave me a flower and we started going
out no it's always stories like I was at
the club and this guy came up to me it
was like I've been staring at your ass
all night is it cool if I take you out
sometime and I was like yeah why would
you say yes to that I don't know what's
the worst that could happen what's the
worst that could happen he could put
something in your drink and rape you
that's the worst that could happen
he could murder you and use your legs
that make Stillson look like legs
another thing that can happen but that's
my problem is I think too much you know
go to a bar and watch people you'll see
two different types of guys there's one
type of guy it's a guy like me who
usually sitting in the corner talking to
each other
let's just talk to each other tonight
Brian then there's a second type a dude
the dumb dude there at the bar they
don't care about anything they're like
Jim you shot Jagermeister stop it appear
with the other shit and they go up to
some girl they like excuse me excuse me
I just wanted to say you look really
beautiful tonight and I was hoping one
day I might be able to put my hands on
your titties my name is Kevin hi Kevin
I'm Lisa do you want to be my boyfriend
for three years I don't know it's okay
if I'm really shitty to you and she
don't you whenever I want
yeah that's fine I'll never break up
with you then they leave together
meanwhile I finally get up my courage oh
that's what I stuck it the fuck out of
my face
and then some Indian dude that
recognizes me from the TV will invite me
back to his dorm to play video games
tell me if this ever happens to you guys
you're ever at a party or something like
that and you're talking to a guy and you
think wow this guy is so dumb this is
the dumbest guy I've met maybe all year
what a dumb person I cannot wait to get
out of this conversation with this dumb
person and they say something like yeah
I got two kids this happens to me all
the time it's so terrifying
I was talking to do it at a party it was
26 years old he had a three year old son
I was like wow that's amazing then a few
minutes later I overheard him telling a
group of people the story about how a
week earlier you tried to have sex with
a bowl of macaroni and cheese and I said
whoa whoa whoa whoa you can't be a
father and then fuck a bowl of macaroni
and cheese once you have a kid the
macaroni and cheese fucking days are
over he's sitting here telling people
those stories like yeah then I'll put
the condom on I was like what did you
put a condom on for and he's like I'm
not trying to get cheese all over my
dick and if that were a totally
reasonable thing to say and if I was the
weird one for even bringing up the
question yeah me the guy not fucking
macaroni and I told him you don't
understand in this situation she's
putting the condom on makes everything
way worse cuz that means the whole time
he went to go find a box of condoms
open the box of condoms take the con
amount open the condom wrapper put the
con on his penis go back to the macaroni
that whole time he never once thought
you know what maybe I don't need to fuck
up all the macaroni and cheese maybe I
can do literally anything else and it'll
be a better use of my time I'm gonna do
something like that when you have a kid
what if his kids saw that he'd never be
able to tell I kid anything hey son be
nice to people do good in school
really I saw you fucking bowls of
macaroni and cheese so why would I take
your advice
by the way I'm three years old my
language skills are very impressive
maybe I should just rather shit out on
my own
I have internet access right now because
things are going pretty well and I'm
sure some of you guys are online as well
and I like the Internet but it's very
annoying sometimes does this situation
happen to you sitting at your computer
working on something really important
and then you think man I wonder if home
alone to make more money than home alone
one I gotta look into this now sorry
important work something more pressing
has come up I do stuff like that all the
time and what's so annoying is once I
start looking into one thing I'll see
something else I wanna research for
example in the home alone situation I'll
be looking at that and I'll say oh wow
Joe Pesci's in that movie I don't know
much about Joe Pesci maybe I should
learn everything about your past year
then I'll spend hours doing all this Joe
Pesci research and now I know so much
about your Pesci but it's useless
information is never gonna help me I
never heard of a situation where a guy's
been in an alley with a dude with a
knife it's like you're gonna die tonight
but you could tell me the name of the
album Joe Pesci put out when he was a
little kid Little Joe sure can sing
dammit you're free to go
how come so many people know that I
gotta stop integrating Joe Pesci trivia
to my murders people know more about him
than I anticipated
I always waste time like that the other
night I was up late I remembered I'd
never seen any of those saw movies
before they're not supposed to be
particularly good movies but a friend of
mine told me Aziz you got a watch saw
one the twist at the end I saw one is
crazy and I love twists at the end of
movies so I went on YouTube and I type
saw ending
sure enough the clip comes up I know
you're thinking
Aziz you didn't see the rest of the
movie the clip will make any sense don't
worry I'm not stupid first I went on the
saw Wikipedia page and I read the plot
summary when I got the last paragraph
I stopped then I went back and watched
that video and let me tell you I did not
see that coming
someone recently sent me a password to
one of those online porn sites and the
password worked I don't know if anyone
here has ever had membership access to
end those sites but it is incredible if
you count them all the fence like I
don't know it just doesn't seem like it
would be worth it it's better do it now
the trend in these sites is they try to
make it seem like this stuff all really
happened like this is real life these
aren't actors this stuff really happened
so they have dumb names like real life
dick party dot-com and the videos are
always saying this guy's globe with some
girls like excuse me girls want to come
back to our place and have a dick party
and the girls are always like yeah and
they get in their car they drive back to
the house they have sex they filming and
goes real-life dick party calm does
anyone think those clips are real they
want people to think it's real every now
and then they should have a clip where
some guys go up some girls are excuse me
uh you girls want to come back to our
place and that with dick party the girls
like what that's disgusting get out of
here you asshole real-life dick party
calm
then your home like man I guess it is
real those girls didn't want to have a
dick party at all
they just continued on to Whole Foods
now the first video I watched on the
site these guys go into a donut shop
right and they're talking to girls in
the donut shop they like he said what do
you think of us maybe give me some money
and then we can hook up in the back of
the donut shop and the girls like okay
that sounds good
she was not a very good actress so they
go in the back and they start hooking up
so there's a guy hooking up with the
girl in the back of a donut shop now
this guy eventually does what any
reasonable person would do in that
situation and he puts a doughnut around
his dick
now the woman is performing fellatio
type services and she's getting
dangerously close to this donut and then
at one point she just takes a bite of
the donut and I don't know why but as
soon as that happened I just well that
was awesome
what an amazing choice by that actress I
wonder if that was improvised like that
donut was just there just like and the
directors like
but what does that say about me as a
person that I got so excited I guess I
just liked food too much it's a good
thing I don't write the scripts for
those videos my school to be like
alright if you picked this girl up in
Los Angeles and he drop her off at this
restaurant called animal and she orders
a hamachi tostada the poutine the rabbit
legs and the strawberry pancake and they
burger everything she's like oh my god
this looks so good and she eats
everything there's not a bite left and
she's like wow that was delicious may be
the best meal I've had all year
real-life dick party
you know what's weird about that donut
video and stay filmed it in a real donut
shop which means they had to pay a donut
shop owner to use that as a location but
I guess if you're a donut shop owner the
risk is pretty low
what are the chances of someone at home
watching the video going I'm just not
gonna put in chocolate and jelly and
some of the donut but that's gotta be
happening to some dude they film all
these videos in the same town I imagine
there's gotta be some dude waking up
every morning like no not the bank
deposit today and there's genius
everywhere I always thought the best
thing that could happen in the donut
video is the girl takes a bite of the
donut and then she starts walking away
the guy's like hey where are you going
she's like how was the trying to suck
your dick I just wanted a bite of that
doughnut that looked delicious doughnuts
the best doughnuts in town
we won't make you suck a dick for years
I'll do it a show one night and they had
a woman signing my entire act to love
the stage and whenever I got to that
punk sign where I said jeez everywhere
she went like this
and it was amazing I said just
everywhere a few more times just to make
sure I understood what was going on cuz
that had to be an on-the-fly
sign for Gia's everywhere she's like
okay and there's JIT well this
everywhere cuz everywhere can be
you look crazy every time you had to
sign everywhere hey I'm new in town is
there Jimmy John's nearby all those are
everywhere there's a Jimmy John's here
here here and here that's got to be
custom forge is jeans everywhere the
ceiling the carpet the walls the plates
the Tupperware the television I don't
know what happened but it's everywhere
and I'm really sorry about it also love
the kids just me that's just me no more
thought went into that guys up late
developing sign language guys I'm really
tired till we pick up tomorrow I'm
really beat I really need some sleep a
few more words fine what's the next word
yes that's is good if it's every words
everywhere how come I get all the dirty
words Brian got puppy I got Jesus
everywhere the only reason I bring this
up is you know it could be days from now
weeks from now months from now
years from now the one day wanting you
guys to be walking around and see a deaf
person about to walk into a room where
there's Jesus everywhere and you'd be
like
another life now have somewhere else
free again
I'm from South Carolina and thank you
and whatever I tell people that they're
always like ensure certain parts of
South Carolina can be pretty racist more
racist than other parts of the country
where these people forget is that the
food there is delicious
so grew up in South Carolina it's kind
of like oh that guys can say the n-word
Fried Chicken and biscuits never mind
even if right now and something dude it
stood up it was like hey I'm gonna say a
bunch of racist stuff but afterwards
I'll give you a biscuit I'd be like
that's a weird deal but I'll take it cuz
I hate racism but I love a good biscuit
I just think it's a little silly when
sometimes people act as if all the
really crazy racism is just in places
like South Carolina Alabama Mississippi
or whatever because I've seen crazy
racist stuff happen everywhere I have a
friend in LA he's Korean right and he
got locked out of his apartment so he
called a locksmith okay and locksmiths
getting all info he's like what's your
last name and he was like chung the guy
goes what kind of last name is that the
guy goes Korean American and the guy
goes I hate Korean Americans Korean
Americans are trying to destroy America
and he hung up on him wouldn't unlock
his door and I thought wow so this
locksmith does no business with Korean
Americans thought I wondered how many
Korean Americans you'd have to call him
before economically he couldn't afford
to be that racist like what if Korean
people just kept calling what do you
then submit dammit man I would have make
$5,000 yesterday if I didn't hate Korean
people this is so stupid
Korean Americans are trying to destroy
America they can't even find their keys
but then weirdly that stereotype would
get integrated into his racism like he
would see Korean people and he'd be like
let me guess can't find your keys change
on bing he's easy the Korean dude
opening a door he's like ha there's some
you don't see everyday Korean dude
actually had his keys for once now
obviously I don't like it when people
are racist but I am weirdly fascinated
by racial slurs like ching chong Bing
bong how did we all know that as soon as
I said ching chong Bing bong it was like
yep racist or Asian people I'm on board
no one was how are racist things like
that's so ubiquitous at one point do our
parents sit us down hey by the way the
racist thing for Asian people is ching
chong Bing bong don't ever say it to him
well if they say something raised you I
don't know I gotta get out of here don't
touch that macaroni
one day I decided to do some research on
racial slurs and see if I could learn
anything and I found a very interesting
article it was titled list of every
ethnic slur and it was 21 pages long and
I read all of them
and if it's cool with you guys I don't
like to share a few of my favorites now
these are racial slurs ethnic slurs okay
so they're offensive they're offensive
by their very nature so if I say one or
I describe one and you're offended
there's no reason to be like
because we all know they're offensive so
instead you can shut your fucking mouth
at the same time though at the same time
I don't want to do with this bit and
look at the audience and see some guy
just like yeah because that would be
terrifying on the other end of the
spectrum so here we go my favorite
racial slurs okay the first one it's
defined as a derogatory descriptive
phrase for a person of predominantly
Caucasian ancestry with real or
suspected distant Asian or African
ancestry now this is a pretty specific
situation need them not a racial slur
but if you ever caught in the gym all
you gotta say is you know what men you
got a touch of the tar brush
yeah you heard me you got a touch of the
tar brush this is the tar brush this is
you
you don't think I see that distant Asian
ancestry in your predominantly Caucasian
face some of the racial slurs contained
all the racist slurs within themselves
they were combinations was seem very
inconvenient to me for example there was
one for Native American people
Prairie n-word Prairie n-word whenever I
hear that I imagine this scenario some
guys talking to a Native American dude
get out of here Prairie n-word some
black guy was like what do you say dude
I said Prairie there's nothing concern
you step off but a lot of times you read
the racial slur and it's like what what
happened this see is that for who would
you say that to see didn't guess once
you can guess this one Dogen Irish
Catholics see no one could guess it see
if you can guess this one Christ killer
and you want to have a guess on that one
Christ killer who would you say that to
Christ killer killer of Christ but
someone say Jewish people know it's
actually for Asian people is used by
people that hate Asian so much they
blame them for the death of Christ
christ-killer put all Asian I know why
do you think God created gloss change on
being bald you kill fries
what I learned reading that list though
was I think you can make anything sound
racist or hateful we're light right tone
in your voice right inflection you can
make anything sound evil let me see if I
can create a racial slur right now like
sir you sitting right there what is your
ethnicity where are you from see that
started to sound real racist because
you're thinking whoa whoa that guy's not
a KitKat
he's a person Aziz must be implying he's
brown on the outside wafer like on the
inside I've been having fun doing this
tour when I started the tour I was
reading this motley crew autobiography
and it was really interesting I quickly
learned that motley crew tours way
crazier that in Aziz tour it's
fascinating because these guys were at
one point the biggest pain in the world
performing in arenas and stuff but at
the same time they were doing massive
amounts of cocaine and heroin all the
time and my body just could not take
anything like that even if just tonight
I was like let's do heroin
the next day be like Aziz is dead yeah
he did heroin once and he died how much
heroin did you do none he just had a
needle in his arm and felt woozy and
fell off a building
they have all these insane stories about
girls like at one point they're having
sex with all these groupies right
they had girlfriends at home so the end
of the night cover their tracks they
would put their penises inside burritos
how did that become the plan was a
motley crew God is running around oh my
god smells like these are the vaginas my
girlfriend's gonna find I'm cheating on
her what I do what I'm gonna do whatever
do I wash my dick with soap and water
no why I don't know quick give me that
burrito it's perfect the scent of pico
de gallo will totally throw off my girl
that store is the quintessential
difference between a comedy tour and a
rock to her rock tours some dudes
fucking her Brielle it's like yeah man
gotta get the smell boys or the vaginas
off my dick comedy towards
I like touring the only thing I don't
like is the actual travel itself cuz
people can be so rude when you're
traveling the rudest person I've ever
met in my entire life is the Eastern
European customs lady at the Toronto
Airport
what's a lady's problem why she got to
be so rude
customs people the first people you meet
when you go to a new country they should
be nice welcoming this lady as soon as
you walk out she's goes what you are
doing here I was like shooting a movie
what did shooting movie it's like you
know like they want a movie she goes I
know what that means filming movie I
mean you're doing the lights are you
acting or directing I could do without
your sarcasm
I was like why are you being so mean I
said some and you let what so does
assume you're kind of done I'm trying to
explain things to you I'm stunned you
know what the word sarcasm means your
English is slightly better than animal
from the Muppets a tease and you're
yelling at me like a psychopath and I
got my stamp and I walked on but I kind
of was shocked I got in the stamp I
turned around and I was like guess what
I lied and then pulled out a DVD of
Jurassic Park and a handgun was like
this is what it being shooting movie
passengers can also be rude to you also
I was flying home once and I stood next
to this couple they have these two
puppies but they put under the seats in
front of us and there was an older
couple sitting there and they said hey
you guys mind moving the puppies over a
little bit so they put our jackets under
there and lady with the puppies is like
uh no we have two puppies they need all
the room thank you very much I was like
whoa what you need to be so rude about
that and then she started talking to her
husband she's like ah can you believe
those people asking us to move the
puppies for their jackets what kind of
nerve they have who do they think they
are and I was like I fucking hate this
lady
so I started chiming in I was like yeah
I heard that
I couldn't believe they'd ask something
like that those people are awful those
people are terrible those people deserve
to be murdered and I didn't say another
word the whole flight and then the
flight lands and the whole couple gets
up they leave the plane then the young
couple is about to get up but I hold
them down and I go no no I got this I'll
step over them and I start following the
old people right these young couples
behind me will get outside the airport I
pull out the gun that I have from the
previous joke load in two bullets I am
it at the old people but then I spin
around or aim it at the puppies bang
bang I shoot both those puppies in the
face and I go never be rude to the
elderly again have fun bearing your dead
puppies
I know what some beer to thinking oh no
when the puppies get shot the puppies
didn't do anything I didn't really shoot
any puppies you're being stupid
I have met some really interesting
people on tour one of my favorite people
that I met was this gentleman who wants
picking you up from the airport and
drove me to the venue and I was talking
to sky and I was like what did you do
before you were driver and he goes used
to be a celebrity bodyguard
I was like whoa who's your bodyguard for
it's like you name it Bruce Willis Miley
Cyrus Jonas Brothers like whoa out of
all the people you bodyguard for who was
the toughest person do security for who
at the craziest fans he goes pelvis
person do security for Cher
craziest fans Pauly Shore and I was like
what those are both wrong answers I can
do security for Pauly Shore a man Keeley
Pauly Shore alone Thanks all right Pauly
let's go those two guys are gone and
then I asked them I said what'd you do
before you're a celebrity bodyguard
those used to drive Madonna's tour bus
so how was that not on I said why he
goes cuz every time I throw the bus one
of her dancers put his dick on my
shoulder
that was not what I was expecting him to
say so I said sir you're gonna have to
elaborate and he told me the story and
basically any time he was driving the
bus at one point one of Madonna's
dancers would just come up and throw a
dick on his shoulder and this happened
so many times he had to quit his job and
get into a new profession but I guess
that would make you quit any job you
could be a lawyer
yeah well go hey man weren't you a
lawyer yeah was to his new partner
joined the farm and every time I
presented a case he put his dick on my
shoulder so now work at Quiznos even if
your job was just staring at a dick on
your left shoulder for three hours a day
if at some point another guy came put
his dick on your right soldier you'd be
like well what the fuck is this I never
signed up for that I said one dick on
the left shoulder for three hours of the
day look at the dick shoulder contract
we sign man the language is very
specific dicks can't just stop popping
up on my knees elbows and toes now we
have a deal you know what that's fine if
this is all you guys run things I quit
I'm pulling sure I don't need this shit
right now I wanted to take a couple of
minutes to update you on one of my
favorite people in the world and that's
my chubby little cousin Harris Harris is
a little cousin of mine that lives in
Georgia and you know I don't have any
kids or anything like that so I feel
like I should update you on what he's
been up to Harris is a weird kid he and
you know I don't get to spend a ton of
time with him but I do check up on him
regularly on his Facebook page and read
his status updates he's got a quote up
there and the quote said life's a dirty
game
you got a play dirty to win it - Harris
he's quoting himself on this one
yep that's the Harris original that's
not from season four the wire that's
from a chubby kid named Harris who once
told me his favorite food is hot pockets
what a darn thing to say it likes a
dirty game you got a play dirty to win
it
when this hair is played dirty in life I
can only think of one instance it's when
he's playing Halo cuz soon as the board
starts he always knows where the rocket
launchers are already grabs and starts
blowing everybody up it's fucked up he
doesn't shit every time
that's why I don't play Halo with them
anymore now I'm sure there's some people
here that I've never played halo and
that doesn't make any sense so I will
give you an analogy okay
it would be as if you're playing
Monopoly right and
someone rolled a 10 and landed on Park
Place and then Harris came in with a
rocket launcher and blew everybody out
last time I spoke with Harris I said
what's been going on and he said I'm
applying for college is there any way
you can help me with my college essays
and I was like yes since you're a weirdo
and whatever you're gonna write is gonna
be insane so I can read it to people in
public and it'll help me with my job
a copy of his essay this is a hundred
percent real the essays titled all the
small things take the thumb even though
it is just another finger it is the most
essential it controls everything from
eating and drinking to writing
indistinctly enough I found made things
in life to be the same way
already the essay makes no sense when's
the last time something interesting in
your life happened he thought this month
um never he goes on it's always the
simple things that have the greatest
impact the splitting of an atom caused
the death of over two hundred thousand
people Redbox turned the movie industry
upside down with a simple notion of
creating vending machines that sold
movies
yeah those two things are comparable two
hundred thousand people are dead and you
can read mrs. Doubtfire for $1 the
grocery store now he goes on to describe
a particularly interesting summer where
he volunteered at a local hospital this
is how he described that experience I
was a human wheelbarrow and let me tell
you it sucked you can't say it sucked in
a college essay when you use language
like that you know what it sucks means
you're referring to sucking dick
so what Harris just said it's like hey
University
you know what volunteering and helping
people reminded me up put the penis in
my mouth and sucking it till it comes in
my chubby little cheeks
later on he talks about a particularly
crazy day at the hospital a week after I
started the incident occurred when I set
foot in the hospital that day it was
more crowded than ever
there weren't any nurses asking me if I
wanted cookies
that's his gauge of how crazy things are
at the hospital why isn't anyone asking
me but will cookies a lot of people must
have cancer but what happened that day
was Harris ended up beating a gentleman
who was illiterate and he'd never met
anyone illiterate before and this really
affected him he described how he felt
when he drove home that day I remember
thinking how bizarre was that someone
could not breathe what if I couldn't
read I wouldn't be able to text my
friends movie times or even order cheese
biscuits from Red Lobster these are the
things that come to Harris's mind when
he imagines a world where he can't
breathe first of all you could easily do
both those things and you couldn't read
I don't think illiterate people see
movie posters and numbers are like no
clue what that means can't piece that
together now the Red Lobster thing is
weird
also cuz I don't know how many of you
all have been to Red Lobster but if
you've been there you know no one orders
the cheese biscuits those are
complementary they just sit them down
your table as soon as you get there so
what's Harris talking about I'm guessing
this is what happens he finishes his
biscuits and he's he's on the menu it
says if you finish your biscuits feel
free to order more exactly thank God I
can read believe
so I told him I said Harris
you can't send this essay it's too crazy
let me do a rewrite I did a rewrite what
she rejected but I will share with you
now I once volunteered at a hospital
it's sucked dick but I did get to eat
free cookies let me tell you I will suck
dick for cookies one day I met a man who
was illiterate it really affected me it
made me realize the world is full of
great tragedies 9/11 the time I
overcooked that hot pocket and here this
man he couldn't read how would he find a
box of Bagel Bites at the grocery store
even if he fell on the box of Bagel
Bites how i read the directions to cook
the Bagel Bites have you ever eaten
frozen Bagel Bites i six of them one day
and it was disgusting
my name is Harris I hope you consider
accepted me into University by the way
during registration
will there be free cookies or lie need
to suck someone's dick why is the dirty
game you gotta play dirty to win
I used to uh I used to kid Harris for
being chubby but he's actually non
Shelby anymore he had a growth spurt he
stretched out he's fine but a few months
ago I was actually worried that I was
getting chubby I saw a photo of me on
the Internet and in the comments someone
wrote whoa who ain't Aziz Ansari
what's hold on doesn't make any sense
and someone ate me they wouldn't assume
I form all of a sudden you why you look
like that I just ain't him
but the person was right I gained 12
pounds so I start exercising the gym
lost the weight right away but I didn't
always like the stuff the people the gym
would tell me they would say things like
hey Z's you see this new study on young
good news this is any fujite after 11
o'clock go straight to your belly you
should cut out those late night snacks
and I would always want to say oh really
there's this other study I heard about
that says if you have a lot of alcohol
in your system and you eat a quesadilla
at 3:00 in the morning it's delicious
yeah I did that study last night twice
but I love food I love going out to eat
at restaurants and stuff it's really
something I like a lot I was eating at
one of my favorite restaurants in New
York not too long ago and I was having
dinner with a friend it's like iseas
what he'd been up to and I said shut up
50 cent is sitting over there and I need
to hear everything he says and 50 cent
did not disappoint 50 cent the rapper or
a grapefruit soda the waiter brings him
a grapefruit soda and then 50 cents at
the greatest thing anyone could ever say
when they see a grapefruit soda he looks
at the waiter and he goes why isn't this
purple
and it took me a few seconds and then I
realized oh my god 50-cent has no idea
what a grapefruit is excuse me everybody
in the restaurant shut up a waiter is
about to explain to a girl man what a
great fruit is you realize how amazing
this is their parents that aren't there
when their children learns what a
grapefruit is I am there for that moment
in rapper 50 Cent's life this guy leaves
the restaurant he's gonna know about our
new fruits and the exchange is just
glorious
the waiter struggling to explain the
concept of a grapefruit to a man who
just didn't get it was like nah you
don't understand they're two different
things grape grapefruit great grapefruit
I know grapes of fruits why do you keep
saying it like that no it's just one
word grapefruit you know this is one
that's a different I get it grapefruit
apple fruit aren't fruit carrot
vegetable no that's not it at all
and he just blew my mind how does 50
cent not know what a grapefruit is this
guy's been rich for so long he has to
run to a grapefruit every now and then I
do okay secret foods every fucking day
what happens when he sees a grapefruit
and he just like
what's up with those oranges they're all
red and shit and the biggest fuck me
where should we do this kind of work a
lot of people write stuff about you on
the internet and sometimes people write
mean things and the smart thing to do is
just ignore that but sometimes I would
argue with people because I like arguing
and I'll do that every now and then but
I recently put an end to all of it and I
wanted to share with you guys what
happened the last time I got into an
argument online
it started when my email wasn't working
so I went on my website and I wrote if
Gmail even messes up a little bit I get
upset it's a little unreasonable
but seriously send my email Gmail and
then a guy writes back and says - you're
complaining about a free email service
maybe use some of your Hollywood money
to buy a real email account turn we've
seen a little aggressive so I wrote him
back and said hey man I was joking and
even said it's unreasonable so go fuck a
bucket of dogshit and he goes oh sorry
didn't mean to suggest you should use a
little bat money you have instead of
crying like a bitch at this point I
decided to take things up a notch
I said I hope for hippopotamuses forced
you to blow them and they all come on
your face simultaneously and you choke
on hip
come and die because that would probably
be a pretty rough way to go imagine
you're just at your house when they get
eggs or something ding OH the hippo was
here for hippos well what do you guys
need and the hippos are just like so God
did it even logistical II this is gonna
be rough I mean you have four hippos
line up to your house you got a bomb at
the same time
and eventually the hippos are like we're
about to come we're talking about doing
my situation and then it starts I need
to email a family and gel my luck
Gmail's down that guy was right
so I wrote that up there and then he
responded and said here's a tip don't
use the word seriously when you're
joking want to come down to SD and talk
that big-boy talk face-to-face I'm
assuming s d stands for South Dakota
which doesn't intimidate me at all
I will go to South Dakota and fuck
somebody up not for real cuz I'm small
but I'll say shit like that what I'm
online so I kind of want to end this
argument so I tell them look you're the
only one of thousands without this
impression of me maybe you should just
look up sarcasm in the dictionary he
goes you can't tell sarcasm through text
Akbar but nice try and I said well
that's strange because everyone who
didn't have the veiny shaft of a huge
hippo cock deep in their throat could
Keith yeah I called you Keith a random
white guy named just like you cleverly
did to me with that guar by the way the
previous use of the word cleverly was
sarcastic could you tell it by reading
it you dumb piece of shit and then he
wrote back and said whatever you cha hwa
and I didn't know what that meant I had
to look it up that's a sign of terribly
ineffective racism you can't say
something racist or somewhere like oh
hey what'd you say spell that for me
I need to look that up it's gotta be
immediate but I looked it up and
apparently Jawa is some Star Wars
character
that's like small and wears the hood and
it's brown yellow eyes I don't know it
doesn't offend me but I love the idea of
a guy that's really racist and really
into Star Wars that is an amazing
combination I would love to hang out
with that do it for a while I would go
to the movies with him whenever I could
because at one point I feel like you
would stand up and he'd say something
like Danny I can't be in the movie
because all these Darth Vader's will
shut the fuck up
so at this point I don't have time for
this guy I'm a busy guy
I've got Jill Pesci a research piling up
and I tell him look I don't have time to
argue with a guy who's integrating
racism and Star Wars trivia and he goes
this needs to be in an argument four
hours ago I just wanted to see some
dealers idiot get all worked up over his
tiny pecker and I said well every pecker
busting tiny after all the huge hippo
cops you've had your mouth go suck
Morrigan you gotta touch you the tar
brush
I've had a really fun year this year I
had a really fun New Year's but it was
also one of the most embarrassing
humiliating terrifying moments of my
recent life I went to a jay-z concert in
Las Vegas for New Year's which was yes
is a lot of fun and after the show
they had an after-party for everyone
that went to the concert and it was a
lot of fun everyone's hanging out then
at one point jay-z came out behind the
DJ booth and was rapping along with all
his songs and everyone was going crazy
how many at a time and jay-z brought the
music down and he started talking in the
crowd and he was like hey everybody just
wanted to wish everybody a Happy New
Year it's a really special night tonight
we got a lot of great people in the
building tonight we got to meet JC the
Builder we got Beyonce in the building
we got Rehan in the building and I look
at my friend Alan I was like we got a
C's in the building and then jay-z goes
we got us these in the building and I
was like oh shit I'm in the building I
had no idea I was in the building I've
never been a part of building
announcements before no one's ever
excited about me being in a building as
they were like Aziz in the building so I
was like these is in the building
let's go to another building buildings
got really low standards so he said that
and I was like oh that was nice of them
to give me a little shout out or
whatever but that's when things got
terrible it's right after he said that
he goes yo Aziz go tell everybody a joke
I was like
this is for amo New Year's I'm out of my
head I'm not in like a condition to tell
jokes but he's pushing he's like nah man
come up here and tell everybody a New
Year's Day joke a New Year's Day joke
that's a really specific request what
would that even be what did one bird say
to the other bird wow this year really
flew by back to jay-z everyone but he
kept pushing this and he would not stop
and eventually I just had to go up there
and I do my best to recreate what
happened when I took the stage he passes
me the microphone okay one time this
restaurant I went to my house
I didn't have the best night I'm
sleeping
Happy New Year and I gave the mic back
to Jay Z and the Jigga man was not
pleased he grabbed the mic who made his
weird faces on him and I was like oh no
I let him down I gotta like think of
something funny so I thought of
something funny say and I reached back
for the mic he's like no you had your
chance to be funny and you missed it no
but I get it
cuz Jay Z is the smoothest man of all
time his life operates in a different
way than mine
he can't comprehend the levels of lung
smoothness that go on with me
like if Jay Z slipped on a banana peel
he would just put his other foot on the
banana peel and slide to wherever is
gone haha thanks banana peel my life is
the opposite my life is me spilling
mustard on my shirt all the time
Jeezy is never gonna spill mustard on
his shirt even if mustard was about to
land on his shirt someone else would
coincidentally be passing in my hot dog
and I'm uh sorta skull bum bomb bomb
bomb bomb and he grabbed the hot I bet
yellow man can I get some muscle you
about to take a bite of the world's
greatest
before I leave I wanted to talk about
our Kelly for a second when I was
putting together the material for the
special I was thinking like you know I
don't need to talk about our Kelly I've
discussed him in the past no reason to
talk about him anymore and I wasn't
gonna do it but here's the problem or
Kelly keeps doing amazing things so I'm
very conflicted about this but this is
what are Kelly's been up to
he put out a song last year called echo
and in the song he's talking about
hooking up with a girl and trying to
make her echo that's weird
I have never been hooking up with a
woman and her been like because I would
think oh no I'm hooking up with a ghost
but he put this song out and I guess
what happened is there were some are
Kelly fans that didn't know what an echo
is so we do if you're are killing that
situation what are you gonna post a
video online to find the word echo yes
that's exactly what he did
and the video went like this he comes on
the screens like alright saw something I
don't know what an echo is now when echo
is just basically like you know when
he's standing on top of a mountain and
then you go hello when you hear her
that's an echo in the video and I said
that's the most amazing thing I've seen
in quite a while
how do we get our Kelly in touch with
the merriam-webster