about their lives you know they call me
up they say serious things they're like
these you're not gonna believe it I
settle blady
and I always have the same reaction I
always go that sucks
I'm so sorry that happened why are you
guys not using condoms or birth control
you have to take care of that thing
forever all right well I'll talk to you
later
I'm gonna go do literally anything I
want cuz I don't have a baby so all my
options are still options hate those
phone calls I like those emails your
friend sends emails they'll attach a
photo of the baby they'll write
something cute to welcome the baby
hey everyone welcome Lindsey to the
universe always write back unsubscribe
yes I don't recall signing up for this
mailing list please remove me from all
future updates now if you'll excuse me
I'm going to throw your baby in my trash
and now everyone has video cameras on
their phones and everything's you get
videos as babies every single video I've
gotten is exactly the same though it
shows up on the screen
end of clip that's the amazing footage
they needed to share with everyone I'm
Brian's first step look I walk all the
time I'm not impressed
I'm gonna start setting my own clothes
back look at this shit
brian has nothing on this he has no
swagger in his step he almost fell down
after three steps meanwhile I'm running
the - shit I can high step I can run if
I want to I can even tiptoe behind Brian
push them on the ground and then step on
with my next step so I saw advance my
shit is so many people aren't ready to
have kids either you know you're our
friends like that they're about to have
kids you're like what no they're dumb
why I got a friend he got married
recently he's kind of a goofball I asked
him I said hey you know how kids are you
use like maybe next year I was like dude
you still have a chain wallet you can't
have a chain wallet and a kid at the
same time if your wallet is talking you
so much problem you have to chain it to
your person you're not ready to bring
life into the world if you go to like
pay for the baby with a chain wallet
there's the gold no no we got to put
this one back whoop I'm not ready for
that kind of responsibility someone came
up to me with the baby like hey you
gotta look at this baby I'd be like
sorry I got my own things going right
now I don't have time to look at this
little brown baby in this scenario I'm
assuming it's a little Indian baby it
was a white baby actually like get that
away from me it's disgusting
white babies are gross man I'm sorry
you're like regular babies that aren't
ripe yet
and look I'm 30 years old that's a
totally reasonable age to have a kid but
to me is still terrifying you know there
that shows 16 and pregnant three of you
stroke all 25 and pregnant I think for
kids
there are lives ahead of them it's a
shame things turned out that way what
happened me and my husband decided to
start a family
irresponsible decisions that show is the
most depressing television show I've
ever seen cuz you know any other reality
show where there's like a big fat guy or
something at the end of episode
he's eating right he's exercising you're
like all right things are gonna get
better yeah things are gonna get better
kids are TV show things are gonna get
better
16 and pretty and you're like wool
that's never getting better the only
good thing that happened this week was
the guy almost got a job at Arby's and
the girl want to fistfight with her mom
this is prom and they don't do anything
nicer the kids in the end of the show
there's no money there's no new house
come on do something for those kids like
maybe the enemy schepis ODE exhibit show
up
and look here's me like oh my god
exhibit are you here to pimp our rides
maybe like no I'm gonna raise your baby
is my own you're free to go back to the
teenagers let me like thank you exhibit
thank you so much for our lives then
exhibit would take the baby and put her
on a bus with all the other babies he's
collected and then you do a second show
about exhibit trying to raise thirty
babies bonds I do find the sixty-two
pregnant shell kind of means bird you
know cuz you got a camera crew they're
like alright you don't have any money no
one's helping you raise your children
all hope is lost and cut good luck with
everything we gotta go
let's go sorry there's this other
sixteen-year-old girl that lives down
the street that had all the advantages
in life she's about to have an amazing
birthday party we gotta film that for a
second show called super sweet sixteen
it's a shame you guys can't switch
places for a week cuz her shit is sweet
I hate the girls on super sweet sixteen
whatever I watched that show like can
someone impregnate this girl ruin her
life please
what an awful person that actually be a
better show they did horrible stuff to
that girl for a week meet Amanda she's
16 and horrible so we got the brakes of
the car we put a bunch of holes in her
condoms let's see what happens this week
those girls now watch the other show do
they not realize how fortunate are there
sitting there complaining about the
dumbest junkies like but it's not the
right cards not the car I wanted they
just moved into a car and the other show
three people are living in 89 Honda
Civic Coupe there's more people than
doors but the lights aren't right there
kid isn't right their kid has a tooth
coming out of his nose and they can't
pay for a dentist for the tooth in his
mouth the kids could have to brush his
nose for the rest of his life but the
balloons aren't the right color their
kid isn't the right color they had the
wrong father that's just getting over
their push next you do you guys have
kids from around clap you got kids
somewhere Wow aren't you scared your
kids getting kidnapped right now
I mean it's like 11 o'clock on a
Wednesday where is your kid seriously
where's the kid who's watching the kids
dog 15 year old and lives down the
street this prize is given a handjob
some other fifteen-year-old
seriously get out of here go you said
your kids in handcuffs
probably not maybe but probably not
look I'm just saying I would be worried
constantly if I had a kid I think about
how much my mom let me run around when I
was a kid ten years old running around
by myself going to the mall to the video
arcade to the toy store crazy
I should have been getting molested all
the time like I don't know how to never
happened not even once even once keep in
mind I was the cutest kid of all time
like take the most adorable little brown
puppy you can imagine turn that into a
person that was knees again I mean who
would be trying to fuck that just an
unbelievable level of cuteness my theory
is that I was so cute as a kid that had
intimidated child molesters like for
Sean Buster's I was kinda like the hot
girl at the bar they're like oh my god
this is here Aziz is here zis is here
okay you can do this you can do this
just be yourself Speer self-confidence
kids like conference
[Music]
Heisey hi that's a that's a cool uh hi
that's a it's a great all right we'll
see later stupid
did you say anything like hidden anyway
the disease were talking about you can
fuck any grown man he wants
[Music]
you know what's weird is I can tell you
guys feel sad for the child molester in
that job I can see in your faces you're
sure oh he's not gonna get the fuck
little disease info nice you're strange
at some point in your life you actually
got to sit down and make sure you aren't
molested cuz it can be buried that's the
thing so some boy actually got to sit
down and think really hard
no I was it my childhood was cool mouths
mostly just playing with trucks cuz it
can be buried if my stuff is buried I
wanted to stay buried I want to wake up
when I'm 43 and be like oh shit fuck my
t-ball coach totally forgot about that
buried read these news stories man
there's some sick people out there
you read these news stories and sick
people meet news stories like all the
soccer coaches molesting the kids for
years for years oh why the kids keep
going back the same soccer camp the only
reason I asked that just cuz I quit
soccer
cuz another kid pushed me down on the
ground if I was for some horn oral sex I
definitely would have been done that
would have been it for soccer there's no
way I would have went back that would
have been a firm deal-breaker guitar
lessons would have started next Tuesday
so there's my mom I'm gonna get mad at
me and hey jeez
you gotta go to soccer practice I'm not
going really young man watch going to
soccer practice
um the coaches making all the kids suck
his dick is that enough reason me not to
go is that enough reason Oh am i
grounded
no video games I'll take that over old
man chisel on my belly thank you very
much
so send me to my fucking room be there
not something some oh man gee
knock on my door and those cupcakes are
ready
you know what's crazy is there must be
kids I talk like that now you know what
I mean
cuz kids aren't innocent anymore they
know everything in your head you manage
to get doing something kids like a cock
was in my mouth mom thanks for signing
me up for golf it really got me out of
the house it also got a penis you're my
face there's anyone here from the paper
feel free to quote that bit in your
article so scary time to be a kid man I
just saw this documentary about bullying
and I know you hear that in the first
times like oh really kids getting
bullied in school those are making a big
deal well now that's kind of what I
thought on in then I saw the documentary
first seen kids sitting on a bus plus I
saw the kid he goes Hales going he goes
I'll hurt you
I want to murder you and cut your face
off they put it on my face and then look
in the mirror and they thought of myself
that's how much I hatch so I saw that
and I thought alright yep this is a
problem Wow
that was terrifying goddamn let's not
bullying and teasing
that's a demented shit to say to another
person
bullying tze's nonsense I did when I was
a kid hey you're fat you're brown shut
up you bozo get out of here you
ding-dong that's fine do that all day no
one's gonna get hurt I would have never
went up some back kid a bit like uh huh
I'm gonna murder you and cut your fat
off then used to make a fat suit and
then dress up as a fat housekeeper along
mrs. Doubtfire
then I'm gonna start working for your
family no that was a psycho zone
everyone agreed not to collect you and
it's so hard to see this documentary
because nothing happens to the bully
kids they're beating the crap out of the
kids saying this awful stuff nothing
happens
that wouldn't fly in the adult world
that wouldn't be tolerated in any
workplace or anything like that like
that wasn't flying IKEA
like if you worked at IKEA and you have
some other employer I'm gonna murder you
fucking dork maybe I feel you can't sell
em Seymour get out you're done get out
look at him he's a nerd you're a
psychopath
get your meatball severance package and
leave I felt so bad to the kids man they
would try to tell the teachers teaching
wouldn't do anything kid goes up to the
teacher once in uh he said he's gonna
cut my arms off I'm glue into my butt so
I look like a Minotaur he's like well
maybe he won't do it
see you later do something and I
remember one time when I was a kid and
someone actually physically hit me when
I was growing up in South Carolina I
don't never forget what happened kid
head to me I go tell the teacher right
away teacher goes up the kid immediately
and just goes if you touch him again I
will ND you
and that was it booing done those are
falling again in my life she's scared
everyone on earth cuz that's how the
buoys you be handled cuz that kids like
alright well I don't want to be ended
whatever the fuck that means
Eileen Malone having a kid it's a crazy
gamble no one ever talks about it in
terms of it being a gamble but it is
think about what position in life you're
in when you decide to have a kid usually
a very safe position you know you're
married you found a mate
that's huge usually have a job at a home
that's very difficult to lock down it's
like you finally put together this very
large complicated puzzle and there's
like this one let's have a kid and then
the kitchen shits all over the puzzle
the puzzle is ruined you're never
putting it back together again it's
destroyed and now you have this kid and
here's the gamble here's the scary part
you can do everything right you can read
all the books and you could still have a
total piece of shit kid you could have a
worse kid you could have on the bully
kids that gonna be your kid you don't
know you could have a total piece of
shit
teachers like ah your son yeah I know
he's shitty okay I hang out with him all
the time he's the worst what do you want
me to do huh I defeat him shelter him or
I get thrown in jail for some reason oh
I'm sorry he's ruining your morning's
guess who hangs out with him on
afternoons and weekends me so how about
a little sympathy for me well sir have
you thought about no there's nothing to
think about there's nothing to do okay
it's not his giant he doesn't have too
much gluten
he's just shitty okay
nice some people of shitty my kid is
shitty alright I've accepted it alright
I made a mistake okay I gave up my best
years grazing this monster
I could have soared a band I play bass
but no I didn't do that and said I have
this thing
woo something that looks like me if my
wife put together oh great
eat your vegetables can I throw a face
while your face he catches half the time
fuck me
[Music]
I'm not saying I don't like kids I like
kids I have fun hanging out with my
friends kids and joking around and
whatever they're great but I do feel
like when I talked to my friends I
recently had kids it does see my dad had
to give up everything for the kid and
that's very scared if you don't have a
depressing conversation talk to a couple
that just had a kid that's all about the
last night they went out for themselves
they will describe the most boring
typical mundane evening out will the
same enthusiasm a normal person will
describe a three-way sexual experience
I'll show you I mean over here God is
probably through a sexual experience
over here
couples just had a kid so let go back to
my house I got these two really hot
girls so we go to the mall I got two
tickets to Rango I know you're thinking
as these shouldn't you update that to a
more recent film no these people go to
movies that are old as shit
they've been trying to see Rangel for a
couple of years now next thing you know
they're taking their clothes off next
thing you know we're eating nachos
Kim is everywhere cheese is everywhere
cheese is everywhere these girls were
freaks and too freaky things such as
jeans let me get a sense of you guys as
an audience clap you're married right
now clap you're married
you guys here in the front how long do
you guys know each other before you got
married five years that's always an
interesting figure to me how long people
knew each other before they got married
you know claps we knew your person was
five years or less okay clap if it was
three years or less
all right clapping if it was two years
or less
we're all laughing cuz you're probably a
divorce
that was a crazy idea what you do that
you didn't need to do that you could
just get dating or what it why why why
why why why what happened did you lose a
bet or something one look of course I
could be totally wrong you got to be
soulmates
I don't know but to me two years doesn't
seem like enough time to get to know
someone to know you wanna spend the rest
of your life with them two years two
years I've had sweaters for two years
would be like what the fuck is that
doing the sweater so stupid looking I
can't leave her a daughter like you got
sweater for the rest of my life ah
that's a sweater
another thing people do that scares me
the mayor of their high school
sweetheart
that's strange to me to meet someone
when they're like 16 years old let's go
all right I'm done
I don't think I'm gonna run into anyone
interesting in my 20s or 30s I was gonna
lock this shit down now for no reason at
all
think of all the dumb things you believe
when you're that age think about all the
stupid decisions you made Matt have been
stuck with any decisions for the rest of
your life even those little things it's
like all right well I guess I got this
Bob Marley poster of my bed for the rest
of my life it's cool though cuz they
took about your little photos of Bob
Marley and they put it together to make
it little Uncle Bob on the mosaic I just
don't think you have any idea what your
adult life is gonna be like when you're
16 years old you guys how awful my life
would be if it turned out the way I
thought I was going to when I was 16
years old you know my big plan was I was
gonna go to college and major in
business and biology that was a plan
first I hate you with the business you
think it's all done then I come back hit
you with the biology
was I going to do with this stupid
double major cell organs on the black
market very efficiently I have friends
from college they're starting to get
married went to one of the weddings I
asked the groom I said hey why did you
decide to get married he goes wow I
don't know we've been dating a few years
now wow that's a terrible way to answer
that question especially with that
tolling King's ma'am I don't know Papa I
haven't even happened half an hour
that's not the appropriate tolling
Caddy's to answer that question that's
the appropriate tolling cadence Isola
hey why did you buy a Fiji water man I
don't know I look kind of cool perfect
that's fantastic moments you use that
tone in Jeju so well done that's also
not a reason to get married you know we
be doing a few years now I've been
eating at the same taco stand for a few
years now I'm not gonna commit to that
taco stand for the rest of my life
everything's following my current
relationship with the taco stand
now the taco saying want to move into my
apartment with me I might be up for that
cuz they're not have delicious tacos
whatever I wanted but the economics of
taco stands wouldn't allow such a thing
I know you're thinking Wow Aziz just
compared women to tacos you must not
think that highly of women no I just
think that highly of tacos
[Music]
one thing I love about marriage though
is the proposal I think that is so sweet
here's this moment or you know you're
going to change the life of yourself
this purse you love forever and you plan
it out and you make it the most
beautiful amazing perfect moment you
don't get to do that most big moments
your life with a proposal you can so sir
five years guy what did you do to make
it the most beautiful amazing perfect
special moment ever set the scene okay
what city are we in
we're in Philadelphia don't feel like
traveling too far let's just do the
shitting field
so we're in Philadelphia where are we at
in Philadelphia and a five-star
restaurant don't worry
not a three-star a five-star I like how
you drop that right you couldn't wait to
say five-star yeah
[Music]
we're at a five-star restaurant okay and
and so you're at the five-star
restaurant and you know it's dinner I
imagine it was like oh yeah this is the
shit you leave out five stars
Megan was prefixed won't be a bad day I
mean it's the same food dinner made you
at Busch guys so lunch at the five-star
restaurants and at this point you got to
wonder lunch at a five-star restaurant
dinner and a force for concern
I feel like I feel like lunch loses a
star
there's no five-star lunch restaurants
there's four stars lunch restaurants
that operate as five-star service
okay we're at at lunch five-star
restaurant and what period of the meal
do you decide to ask cause that's very
difficult you know you can't ask like
you know before you order cuz it's like
all right what he asks before you order
what the hell lays that kind of a scary
idea what do you want to have the most
Awkward lunch of all time
no you want to split some jalapeno
poppers so you ask before you even order
Wow and then yes what did you what
happened did you immediately say yes
what was the situation you didn't say
anything well that's even like more
morbid than saying no do you want to
marry me
all these people are looking at me bitch
say something you didn't say anything
[Music]
were you thinking about her were you
taking a bag what happened you wanted to
eat
you wanted to eat and were you down on
one knee you were down on one knee and
you're just waiting or what's going on
through your head the breadsticks are
coming out hold up what five-star
restaurant brown plastics on the table
sir
I'm going to ask you something
and I need to be very honest with me
right now this restaurant when it comes
to their breadstick policy
does the word unlimited income
I don't even know what is happening I
have done this I have done this in every
city on my tour this is the most bizarre
shit ever if you see this coming at all
did you know this was coming come on
come on now come on it's lunchtime
the waiter has dropped the breadsticks
we've all read this book we know how the
story goes now I've talked to people all
over the country about their proposal
stories you know what I learned I
learned that ultimately it doesn't
matter what you do for your proposal
some people go and do this big grand
gesture some people do simple sweet
things ultimately what's really
beautiful is that you found someone to
say yes to this totally insane thing you
just ask them it's the most insane thing
you could ever ask another person to do
it really is it doesn't seem as insane
as it is because we're all familiar with
marriage as an institution but imagine
if marriage didn't exist your guy and he
asked a woman to get married
imagine what that conversation would be
like you'd be like hey so you know we've
been hanging out together all the time
spent a lot of time together everything
yeah I know I want to keep doing that to
your dad
what
I want to keep hanging out with you till
one of us dies
put this ring on your finger so people
know we have an arrangement
who's that guy
the priest well she's swear to god she
won't back out of this do
auntie Whelan the cake with two tiny
dolls that look like us either slice
not be a little bit to me he's really
strange why are we doing this tax
purposes
pretty much watch your ass
this is another thing that baffles me
about people being opposed to gay
marriage you know these people are they
found someone to say yes to this totally
insane thing and then some other person
is gonna be like no it's weird and this
nice easy swing it's pretty much the
only argument at this point really I
don't see how you can really be opposed
to gay marriage at this point like you
know you're on the losing side there's
no way it's not gonna go through there's
no way all the demographics that are
really opposed to gay marriage they're
all gonna be dead soon like whatever
they ask young people young people like
what what do you tell my all music is
free right now what the fuck are you
talking about Oh two dudes are kissing
I'm about to watch every movie ever
right now they don't care at all but
seriously how do you not know you're on
the losing team at this point these are
the same people that were opposed to
like women voting or black dudes playing
baseball always the last thing they're
opposed to interracial relationships
you're opposed to interracial
relationships guess what I'm fuckin
white girls there's nothing you can do
about
any time I have sex with the white girl
I think about those people for a few
pumps and it's such a great feeling just
like air and it's just not right well
it's in there so I don't know what
you're gonna do about it seriously all
of you here next time you have sex with
someone of a different race think about
those people for a minute
you really should do this is very
important it's your duty as an American
and I promise you nothing feels better
that orgasming while thinking about all
the progress we've made and civil rights
in this country
I still can't believe is an issue I hate
just bibles my mind that whole
chick-fil-a situation that was quite a
conundrum for me cuz you know obviously
I'm very Pro gay marriage but I'm also
very Pro delicious chicken sandwich I
stopped eating chick-fil-a I'm never
gonna eat youthfully I don't eat anymore
that is the saddest thing you could ever
applaud you are so brave Aziz how you
find the strength to resist those
delicious chicken sandwiches we will
never know well you were a man of
principle and we applaud you I mean I
still eat the Nuggets all the time
I don't eat the Nuggets I don't need to
know it's I don't I don't but that was a
strange situation right I was so jealous
of homophobic people man what a
delicious way to support your hateful
cause I don't have opportunities like
that in my life I wish I did I wish the
places that made food that I found so
delicious also took political stands
like I get behind like my favorite place
to get a cheeseburger Shake Shack
I love Shake Shack so delicious you
realize how excited I'd be if I went to
Shake Shack one day and they're like hey
just so you know part of our profits now
go towards fucking over people that work
at United Airlines customer service what
what yes yes how are you doing this well
anytime you buy a burger part of the
money goes towards paying people on
Craigslist to shit in their car
that's fantastic can I get 75
cheeseburgers please
[Music]
I do want to get married at some point I
think I'm not sure when I was in India
recently and my grandma asked me she
goes he's what he gonna get married I
was like I don't know if he'll be around
she's all that was a fun trip I spent a
lot of time with the cousin of mine that
lives areas around my age and it was
really fascinating to me the dichotomy
of our two lives like my life is totally
different because I was born and raised
in America and he was born and raised in
this poor part of India or my family is
originally from my family is originally
from the poor part of India they're not
from the part of India Study Abroad
programs are based there they're from
like the South Carolina of India it's
pretty rough for real like when you take
a shower there it's not the way you take
a shower here the way you have to take a
shower at their house is you fill a
bucket with hot water and you take a
smaller bucket and you pour the water on
that's the conserve hot water and it's a
little strange because you know I jerk
off in the shower on occasion
[Music]
if your shine with the bucket method you
can't jerk off of the shower that
silence is way too terrifying you'd be a
jerk off in the shower here no one turns
a shower off and goes in the corner like
no that's some serial killer shit also
sorry that noise I made it that's not
the noise the next want to do jerks off
if some guy comes up to you and starts
jerking off and goes the digital lookout
that's the robot from the future that's
been sent back in time to jizz in your
face but the thing about being there
India was you know I didn't feel like
jerking off all the time you know
because there's way less sexuality there
women are dressed more conservatively
there's not like sexy posters and
magazine covers everywhere it's a way
different vibe I came back to New York
after that trip and I was like I want to
fuck everything there's just so much sex
in your face constantly and I never
realized how desensitized I was you know
I see the most graphic sexual imagery
and it goes through my head like it's
nothing I saw an ad for a gym in New
York is the real ad for gym okay it's an
ad for Equinox gym this guy is laying
down on a couch his clothes are coming
off shirts come up pants come off
there's a woman straddling him her
clothes are coming off it's just so
sexual like it honestly looks like this
woman was sucking this dude's dick and
someone was like hey she's like huh and
they took a phone
that's awesome and I'm just sitting
there looking at this like what how did
this become an ad for a gym this does
not how high this would not fly in India
they do like this has nothing to do with
gyms please take this down this is this
is a bit ludicrous uh so hard to come of
that I'm not sure at some point they
must have had a meeting they're like all
right well we need a new winter campaign
we need some ideas need some ideas proof
what do you got
here's what I'm thinking we have a
gentleman on an exercise bike he's
riding the bike and it says ride your
way to a better you mean bruise I like
that I like the tagline I like the
imagery that's very nice I like that a
lot
does anybody else have anything they
want to pitch David what do you get I've
got a photo to people fucking and
underneath it I wrote Equinox David
that's fantastic let's put those up all
over town
Bruce pack your shit up and get out of
here you're done
so my cousin is there in India totally
different life way more conservative
lifestyle I don't think he's dating or
anything like that he'll probably have
an arranged marriage a lot of people
didn't used to have arranged marriages
my dad had an arranged marriage it was
to my mom
that's all they arranged it and his
interesting whenever I tell people out
there I was like oh my god is everything
okay do they hate each other they only
ask that cuz it's an arranged marriage
those questions are totally valid for
any mirrors those people are married oh
my god
is everything okay you hate each other
see still makes sense I read a little
bit about arranged marriage I read some
research and stuff they had done very
interesting I found a study they did
where they took couples that had
arranged marriages and they took couples
that had non arranged marriages and they
measured their happiness levels in the
first three to five years non arranged
couples were happier but I had looked at
at 2530 years down the line she arranged
couples were happier so who knows I
don't know my parents are just as happy
as any old white people I've ever run
into
but I don't they are you doing arranged
marriage I talked to my dad about his
experience and you know it's like whew I
let your mom and a week later we got
married I was like whoa how long you
talked to him for like 30 minutes 30
minutes
what episode of How I Met Your Mother 30
minutes
that's how you met my mother
30 minutes isn't a lot of time man think
about all the crazy things you learn
about people weeks months years into a
relationship I feel like I would get an
arranged marriage a three-week Cindy
like what you don't watch Game of
Thrones I knew I shouldn't sign up for
this shit
we should have discussed DDR preferences
what did you erase all my shows for
celebrity ghost stories that's a real
show by the way they asked me to be on
celebrity ghost stories but uh I said no
cuz I haven't seen any ghosts
I like ghosts of whatever you hear about
girls is always same kind of stories you
know those weird old-timey clothes those
was turning my lights are not coasters
turning my faucet sarnoff ghosts I'm
trying to sleep it's like all right take
it easy these people died hundreds of
years ago they've never seen running
water before they're blown away they're
sitting there where's the well how's the
water getting here
all the girls going here Lucas now start
now it's not now start now it's not down
so they're not going who they're going I
[Music]
hope I see it goes at some point because
if I see want to be very interesting
because I live in a modern building a
newer building so if I saw ghost it
would be like a modern goes you know
I'll just wake up in the middle of the
night there'd be a dude in the corner
textured whoa
those will be the best goes those would
be the best ghost stories come home one
day turn on your TV you look on your
Netflix what madman season five
previously viewed are never watched
[Music]
those will be the best goes you wake up
in the middle of night some go standing
over your bed wash your
that was a long tangent on ghost
but I guess ultimately what scares me
about marriage is where do you find this
person where do you find this purse you
know a lot of times most successful
relationships people meet through work
school mutual friends but what's most
interesting to me is when people just
meet in life just randomly you know I
refrain you got married I suppose like
here well where'd you meet your wife yes
like I was leaving that back and beyond
I was looking for my car I Drive a grey
Prius I saw a different gray Prius I
thought it was mine I walked up to it I
realized I had the wrong car but I
bumped into Carroll we started talking
that was that
that's unbelievable thing about all the
random factors I had to come together to
make this one moment possible this one
moment that changed these two people's
entire lives first off this guy's to
live in this particular town then you
actually get a great Prius then yes I
need to go to Bed Bath & Beyond then he
has to go to that particular Bed Bath to
be on then that's be another guy that
also is in town also guys great for us
all today's go to Bed Bath & Beyond also
goes to that particularly bad bath fee
on at around the same time then after
both parks somewhat near each other
my friend has to leave with other guy
leaves see the wrong Prius ticket says
walk up to it then the woman Carol needs
to be near the wrong areas for a million
other random reasons they bump into each
other they start talking their entire
lives are changed that's the most
amazing and terrifying thing about life
it is cuz the amazing thing is at any
moment any one of us can have that
moment I totally changed our lives you
could be leaving the show that I bump
into someone it could change your life
you don't know that could happen the
terrifying thing is what if we're all
supposed to be a bad Bath and Beyond
right now doesn't that scare you I'm so
scared of that what if you're missing
your moment what if you're not supposed
to be here what if I'm not supposed to
be here
my friends entire life change cuz he
went to Bed Bath & Beyond one afternoon
the most casual of decisions had the
most tremendous of consequences why did
he go to Bed Bath & Beyond that
afternoon
well his roommate had clogged the toilet
and he needed to get some Drano few
weeks later he's falling in love with
this woman it's amazing it's all cuz
some other dude ain't some bad Chinese
food one day and then years later gets
crazier those two people have a kid they
come together and do the most incredible
thing two human beings can do they bring
a new life into the universe Oh cuz some
other dude took a really huge shit one
day
that's the most amazing story you ever
hear your life no don't look at me like
that's the most amazing story who's ever
taken to you shitting thought I just
brought life into the world
so that's the question where do you meet
this person I think it's very hard to
meet someone you really connect with it
you really feel a deep connection but I
think that's hard I don't think those
people just come around all the time I
think it's a very special thing and I
think it's very hard to find
especially nowadays I mean yes there's
great people around but man there's so
much riffraff out there right now the
percentage of riffraff has never been
higher it's very high I don't know maybe
I'm romanticizing in the past but you
think about like older generation you
know people in 2060s whatever you just
imagine a different vibe you know
imagine men wearing nice suits women are
dressed all nice everyone's speaking
properly just a classier vibe like if
those generations could be a font there
would be times new roman' I look at my
generation we're fucking Comic Sans you
can't take us seriously we're Comic Sans
people that are single and out there you
know what I'm talking about
you go out with people sometimes he's
like what you're a person
hold on you're a person oh you're so
dumb how are you how do you pay rent how
do you have a job how are you paying
taxes how's the world not crumbling
around your idiocy you me people so dumb
you get scared for their safety you're
like shit I better watch this person
home they might just walk on the street
and get hit by a bus
they can't even have a conversation
there's texting and instagramming photos
of salt shakers and what happened to
people you be people so bad sometimes
they're not even comic sense they're
straight-up wingdings that's how scary
it is
so what do you do we learn to adapt we
have new things now yeah things like
online dating
one in five relationships is form online
is true statistic IRA Frannie less wife
on one of those sites and I asked him I
was like so would you search because
that's weirdly romantic he types in this
phrase all these how rhythms and things
come together this woman's face comes up
he clicks it that becomes two moving
stunts Russell's life but so I asked him
would you search and he goes Jewish and
my zip code what that's all you were
looking for just something Jewish close
by
you don't have drive too far proximity
was a big factor here you wish and my
zip I felt a Wendy's that way a few
weeks ago I tried Wendy's and my zip
code then I got some nuggets you got a
wife the exact same way
some people still don't want to do
online dating feel like there's a stigma
to it you know that's stranger yeah so
same people hey you're me people in bar
so I was like yeah sure why don't you
see online dating is the same thing this
is a different interface in a bar you
walk around and see people's faces
online you see those same faces they're
on a web page difference is online
dating is like going to a bar and having
superpowers
you don't mean online dating is like
being able to walk into a bar scope all
right let's just eliminate all the other
dudes Oh
let's eliminate any women that are
already into relationships you can do
crazy things like that you can't do that
in the real world in the real world you
can't walk into a bongo Jewish and my
zip code
can't do that the other interesting
thing is different sites mean different
things you know not calm for a
relationship something a little more
serious
OkCupid I'm trying to fuck something
tonight eat harmony I'm gonna die soon I
don't want to die alone how do we do
this I just got a computer two weeks ago
let's go
craziest thing I've heard with online
dating is I have a friend who's gay
asked him I said hey he ever do online
dating he's like yeah he's Grindr and I
said what is that
it's a iPhone app he turns it on do all
these dudes face a star pop it up I'm
like whoa whoa whoa who are these guys
because Oh Grindr uses my GPS to find
the closest Grindr users next to me
different circles by their face being
what they're up for so this guy has a
green circle that means he's ready to go
and he's ten feet away
and then I looked over like holy shit
there he is it was the same guy that's
the most unbelievable technology
straight people are so pathetic can I
take you out for a drink sometime or
maybe we can get dinner something I
don't know gay dudes are like I want to
get my dick sucked and there he is done
it's the strange impression of a dude
getting his dick sucked I mean I've
never sucked anyone's dick before but if
I was sucking someone's dick and I
looked up and there's like
[Music]
I bet hey man you'll be a little more
appreciative I'm sucking your dick for
God's sake I did a show one night and
this this woman came up to me afterwards
and she goes cease when we make kroner
for straight people and I think they
tried but it failed miserably cuz I
don't think any woman wants to turn on
her phone and be like alright there's a
guy 15 feet away from me then once I was
ugly okay there's a guy eight feet away
this guy 550 way three feet went too but
okay every guy around he wants to fuck
me
well now I don't feel safe in the world
so I'm gonna delete this
[Music]
I really think that might be the most
incredible technology that's come out in
my lifetime for real
I even know how you'd explain that
concept to someone a few generations ago
you show my iPhone duck okay
it looks like a mobile telephone device
used to call other people with similar
devices have telephone conversations to
be honest that part doesn't work that
well but if you're interested in putting
your penis inside another man I can tell
you for certain that dude is down
I see why people are turning to online
dating though you know because if you
don't do online dating what are your
other options to meet people on your
side your existing social circles your
really your big options are bars and
nightclubs I really gonna meet something
like at a bar or have friends that go
out with girls at me to bars look mmm
the girl wasn't that great yeah of
course it wasn't that great you met her
at a bar on a Tuesday at 1:30 in the
morning that's when riffraff is hanging
out you want girl you to me at dour
is this is that noise as a person
that noise tells you everything you need
to know about a certain type of girl cuz
nothing nice positive or intelligent has
ever come out of that noise it's always
up like let's trade the rest of the kilo
out of a dumpster give me in orbits I
just blew a guy in the change room a
target and I forgot to get orbits who's
wrong with her in the first place
I'm really attracted to that guy with
the backwards baseball hat and the bun
now sure does yelling and being
aggressive for no apparent reason those
guys are the male counterparts to the
woo girls
now I'll dislike anyone based on race
ethnicity religion sexuality anything of
that nature right but if you're white
dude the bar with a backwards baseball
hat and a button-down shirt there's a
pretty good chance I fucking hate you
you know who I'm talking about they're
not always dressed that way and of
course I've met gentlemen dressed that
way that are nice too awful people
but I'm talking more about the state of
mind and attitude I'm talking about the
guys we leave a crowded bar they'll say
something like yo bro you were pushing
on me you were pushing on me I drink in
my hand cuz it's put on my shirt you
watch her going if you watch we're going
to have a problem you were pushing on me
you were pushing on me and I drink in my
hand cuz piltover saying you watch her
going to watch her goal we don't have a
problem you were pushing on me you're
pissing drink my hand cause it's built
almost ready to watch we're going
through our golden we'll have a problem
you will push you know all these guys
down one day and just go no one push it
on you okay there's a crowded place
there's limited room and people are
trying to leave alright it's an accident
no one's ever looked at a crowded bar
excuse me sir excuse me sir excuse me
did you see it did you see it I'll put
it on put it on
yeah the dream city could put all
Germans watching where he's going around
I was pushing on I suppose he had a
drink insane because when I was on no no
one's ever done that in the history of
human interactions well then that guy
wants to fight me now really you gotta
fight me over this we're gonna fight now
really this is the big battle you've
been training for with all the weights
and protein shakes this to beat up me me
a guy's got the same size and the
starting forward for a JD girls
basketball team don't you have some
Asian symbol tattooed on your arm you
could look at that will calm me down for
a few minutes
respect I self an environment sorry
about that I forgot for a minute again
you never see those guys say anything
nice positive or intelligent you never
see them at a bar so unless you're out
down all right let's be really quiet
respect everyone else this place
you never see never slam a shot down all
right back to molecular biology lab you
nology let's go fucking find a cure for
lupus bro
never she didn't Sam I shot down all
right those girls are really hammered
make sure they get home safe
no I feel bad making broad
generalizations about men and women like
that but I'm pretty confident to me it's
one of those things it's like saying
this in black dudes are blown away by
magic tricks
stereotypes are fucked up without ones
on point if anyone has footage of a
black dudes in a magic trick and not
being blown away show it to me I'll
never say that again
but until I see that footage that's my
favorite racial stereotype ever that's
the best one nothing comes close oh yeah
Jewish people are really cheap no know
what a black Ducey's of magic trick is
mine explose asian people open up dry
cleaning places on the black dude season
magic trick for a few moments he thinks
is real like there's a sorcerer on earth
if you don't want worry about this what
happens right they see the magic trick
and then this they gotta walk away a
minimum of 30 seats cuz everything they
know about reality has just been
destroyed
they have to reassess existence from the
ground up but what always happens
they always turn round that's amazing
that's amazing that's amazing that's
amazing
that's a beautiful way to treat things
in life that you don't understand you
realize how much better the world would
be we all just hated each other the same
way black dudes street magicians I'm
serious what if homophobic people saw
gay people look mom it's all girls where
you get married oh wait this subtle
effect my life put on any love and join
the world's a beautiful thing for some
babies of Isis amazing amazing that'd be
a better way for them to conduct
themselves
it's
it's a real phenomenon if you don't
believe me this weekend go out to some
fancy nightclub look around so you can
find an african-american bouncer lock up
and be like sorry we're at capacity
you know I really always might give you
the money I'm like oh we don't do that
here and did oh yeah what about this
quarter behind your ear oh please please
up there be Juba okay I'm sorry you guys
are cool you guys are cool I just need
to see an ID we mean check my back
pocket
[Music]
I've been ragged on those kind of jock
like frat meathead guys but if you want
to be honest I really feel like all guys
of this generation it's kind of a sad
state of affairs like gentlemen are gone
we just have dudes I get so so bummed
out when I talk to my friends that are
like single females when you talked
about what they're looking for and such
a sad conversation there's like you know
just someone nice and clean that's
pretty much all they're looking for the
bar is so low right now like if you're a
nice dude and you're clean like you
brush our used yoder every day you're in
the top 1% you pretty much fuck anybody
I promise just be nice and clean
women don't take notice don't try to act
cool just be nice and clean well little
notice they'll be like what what what
you just held the door open for me and
you're wearing pants come on let's go
I haven't seen a dude at NOK cargo
shorts in three years nice and clean
what what what you just lift that heavy
box and help me load it into my car can
you lift your penis and load it into my
vagina because I thought courtesy was
dead
nice and clean what what what you just
texted me and it wasn't a folder of your
dick come on let's go
this guy just texted me words Wow
there's no sadder sign of the times of
that huh men are out there texting women
photos of their penis all the time you
want to see something amazing
watch this clap if you're a woman in the
audience
okay now clap if the dude has sent you a
dick photo before was there even any
difference in the applause there was
just like two people were like well I
don't have a cellphone so yes I have a
God want but uh they have been email to
me yes but uh so crazy how did such a
bizarre thing become so commonplace
that's unbelievable thirty years ago if
I went him some woman and I was like hi
I recently took some photos of my penis
and I just got them developed and some
of the shots look fantastic could I
maybe get your mailing address saying if
you copies I get thrown in jail the next
day and the headline would reap all
right dick bandit busting
I ain't stayin unless you sitting here
in the front you said a guy sent you a
dick bottle I tell us about this now
first off this doesn't reflect badly on
her some dude fucked her fall without
her permission
now who was this guy was this the guy
you were dating was it a guy just left
what was the situation you don't want to
talk about I mean it this is not a big
deal all right bless you sitting here
right next to her
a guy sent you a dick photo right tell
us about this I was just a guy you're
dating was the guy just met what was the
situation
let's say the most recent time
she's like Aziz you don't understand my
life
I have an archive Siddall last time it
happened this guy you're dating was a
guy just met dating and how long into a
relationship before is like I got to do
something romantic today a month in and
when he sent the photo did he say
anything with the photo or was it just a
photo just the photos that's what I
thought folks is another thing I've
learned in my research approximately
eighty eight point nine percent of all
day photos have no message just a photo
such a strange display of male arrogance
just like what am I gonna do speaks for
ourselves
stupid first off everyone knows what
your dick looks like right and no one's
surprise all dicks look the same this is
dumb and boring looking no one's ever
got a dick full of it like wow it's so
beautiful I've never seen one like this
everyone coming here look at this
glorious penis I just got said alright
sparkles no
they all look the same yes there's some
variations in size here and there but
generally everyone knows what your dick
looks like unless it's not circumcised
in which case is terrifying to yourself
so NASA sky stands you dick photo no
message
and if you write anything back how to
Georgie just say like I'm not gonna say
anything what was the situation does
that's a tough situation right like if
you don't write anything back it's hard
for him to like change the conversation
you can't send a dick photon be like you
want to go to a five-star restaurant
later maybe that's a tough predicament
last question what happen the folder you
got was the gentleman erecting the photo
yeah I guess all right you can't say no
more where it's like can you help me
[Music]
that's that that's a strong move at all
I'm gonna do the rest of the show like
this
you know what the comedians in a special
from the squatting position
I myself I've never sent anyone a dick
photo but I wanted to do an experiment
to see what it would be like to actually
send someone Bigfoot or see what kind of
reaction you would really get so I
didn't experiment I had a friend she
didn't have my cell phone number
I got her cell phone number from another
friend and I decided to send her a dick
photo so I downloaded a white dick off
the internet ran through a bunch of
Instagram Hipstamatic type filters they
look like a really hip dig and then I
sent it to her and this will happen so
first off I just sent kind of like a
generic hello type text and I was like
hey good meeting you the other night
Livi what are you up to that I said I
take photo underneath in our row
[Music]
an hour goes by no response now I want
to keep the conversation going
I don't want to seem too eager so I just
Thunder attacks just says question mark
she writes back
who is this I said we pan out at the
club a while back you said I should give
you a bus some time well 20 minutes go
by no response
all right I feel like you don't like me
don't be mean by the way did you get my
earlier text dick little again she
writes back I don't respond to people
like dolo sending me pictures there dick
I said that's too bad
I thought you were special
20 minutes go by I still do
she writes stop texting me to leave you
off your phone never contact me again
I said that's cold I'm gonna store you
in my phone as liquid nitrogen cuz
that's how cold you are an hour goes by
if you were inside apparel and someone
dipped a banana inside you and they drop
the banana on the ground the banana was
shattered cuz that's how cold she was
another hour goes by if you were inside
a truck and the truck flipped over and
you spilled all over the t1000 from
Terminator 2 he would hard cuz that's
how cold she writes I know what liquid
nitrogen does
stop texting me then I realized I only
had one last text to sent her so I sent
her a photo of a soft penis
I wrote this is what my heart feels like
right
ah what is today today's Wednesday yeah
everybody got in big plans for the
weekend and by going to the club over
the weekend clubs are crazy places man
that's a crazy place to track meet
someone at a club you look I go to clubs
Louis bad though right
no one goes we'll call back all right it
smells like vomit I can't hear anything
and the worst people in the world to
hear let's do this no they do us bad but
when you look in the club people are
having a great time they're having the
best time you know why it's cuz the
music they play in nightclubs tricks
people and you're thinking they're
having a good time there's this new kind
of song that's come out that kind of
brainwashes people into thinking they're
having a great time think about what
kind of sauce playing anytime you walk
into a club now I saw something like
this is the best night of your life this
is the best night of your life
you're gonna have a good time you're
gonna have a good time you're drinking
with your friends and casual
acquaintances keep drinking keep
drinking it'll help you have a better
time it'll help you have a better time
vodka tequila those are some options
keep drinking keep drinking it'll help
you lower your standards
it'll help you lower your standards I
know this knife is the same as many
recent nights but this one is very
different because it's the last night of
your life
and it's not one of those songs it's
what these songs with the rapper or the
singer is engaging in these very
luxurious activities and simply by
virtue of listening the song you are now
somehow also partaking in these
activities with them it'll be what it
sounds like poppin bottles in the club
you've got bottles in the club yeah yeah
bottles in the club you've got bottles
in the club yeah get bottles in the club
you got bottles in the club now the club
is in the bottle now your drink in the
club through the bottle what you strange
but you're drinking in look yeah you're
drinking in the club now the club is now
a jet now the club is now a jet
you were drinking on a jet you were
drinking on a jet you were drinking on a
jet jet jet jet
[Music]
do the public oh shit I'm on a jet right
now I got work tomorrow who's paying for
the jet don't put it on my tab
no we get split the jet I didn't even
have any other chance they should make a
song it's like a reality check for eyes
people you know maybe songs like
watching bodies bottles the mark-up is
insane
you can't afford this lifestyle you'll
never see it Jed why'd you buy these
bottles these girls fucking with you
don't really like you there pay for the
club to do that
to make you buy more bottles I Cameron
tu they will never sleep with you and
they're never gonna sleep with you at
all you'll better rock on home and find
it a nice girl that is Jewish in your
zip code
thank you
[Applause]
thank you
thank you so much thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you
thank you so much
Wow Wow I I can't tell you what a treat
it is for being to get to travel around
the country and perform and lovely
theaters like this it's my favorite
thing I get to do in my career and I
thank you for that I thought no matter
what I do my career though my dad is
never impressed
like he'll call me up like what are you
doing this summer like oh I'm gonna do
this big theater tour do a part in this
movie it's like what part you're doing
in the movie are you starring in the
movie like no I just want to smaller
parts he's like Lauren she's starring in
the movie like you're a
gastroenterologist you put cameras in
people's butts why don't you go start a
movie
I saw your last movie it was shit
literally this is true one time I said
him this video clip I performed this
event the President Obama spoke at and I
spoken in the president spoke when the
president spoke he'd mentioned me in a
speech he gave me a shout-out he was
like geez I'm sorry I want to thank you
for what he said earlier also I let him
know Aziz I got more Twitter followers
than you do land cause they whoa the
president just burned me that's pretty
cool
send the clip to my dad he writes you
back why don't you have more Twitter
files in the president
I got to meet the president at that show
that I was pretty crazy and everything
you get to meet the president and I was
so nervous you know I was downstairs it
was just me and the roots the roots had
performed on this event as well and he's
coming down yeah they're fantastic
from Philadelphia right and you know so
he's coming down I'm very nervous you
know cuz there's like Secret Service
guys were on a POTUS will be down to
let's polish we'll be down to two
minutes bulldoze down in two minutes and
I'm expecting something very brief quick
and formal you know just like every time
photo save you time photo thank you for
your time photo that's what I expected
all right this is what happens instead
I'm not exaggerating he comes down oh
snap is the ruse what's going on you
guys are like my house band you heard
every Abed and I'm missing like what
that's high tots
and he's just running around chopping it
up with all the ruse guys being very
charming and cool and he goes up to one
of the roots guys who has like a flower
lapel and his jacket something kind of
like this and he's like what is this
magician people to rap it out of that
look at this fool huh which by the way
further backs up my black dude magician
series
I have not seen the rabbit out of the
flower trick so he says hi to them and
they finally he comes over to me and we
started talking he's very nice super
drama exactly how you'd hope for him to
be and it's time for us to take a photo
and I'm there with a friend of mine and
she has a purse and he's like let's get
a good flow to the other three let's get
a good photo put your purse down don't
worry your purse your purse would be
fine we got good security back here haha
and that's when I realized this dude
acts the exact same way I would act if I
was the president
just running around talking shit
cracking jokes what's up how much for
you to raise the nine five million
dollars fuck it let's go to the club
let's celebrate
turn that into a campaign event twenty
thousand dollars a head
I'm DJ DJ told us let's go
[Music]
these are my favorite gigs I got to do
as a comedian man a lot of times or a
comic you get asked these weird things
that make no sense like I asked to go to
this charity event once this charity
called make it right and rebuild homes
in the Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans
very cool cause and there are kazi's
could you help us out and I was like
sure what do you need like could you
start after party and I was like what
does that mean you're like could you
introduce seal I was like the singer guy
like I'm just gonna go up there and say
some stuff then seals gonna pop up
[Music]
and I was like you know what I love you
Orleans it sounds cool let's do it so
I'm there in New Orleans I'm backstage
with steel steel has no idea who I am
I'm not cause those radar sonar nothing
and time for me to do was intro this is
what I do I go on stage I go ladies and
gentlemen our next performer he's
actually running a little bit late so we
wanted to know if maybe I could sing one
of his hit songs for him in order to
kill some time so I guess there's
nothing left to say but
[Music]
quieter Vienna
up up Vienna what's that seals here
sorry I can't hear this
you still be your Granger on the sea
what's that Sue's ready to go
mmm I feel like at this point maybe I
should just finish my version you became
the light on the dark side of me and I
did that shit for way too long
and finally my brain still up seal
doesn't even say anything to me he puts
his arm on my shoulder and goes cuz I
get it you know still as a normal
comedian he just thinks I'm some crazy
Brown guy that's seizing the moment so I
can impress Neil and signed to walrus
Records and start my R&B; career as the
brown penguin but the event went well I
did get to meet seal very nice very
smooth everything you said is so smooth
you know I was standing in an elevator
with this girl he looks over she goes my
only regret is that I do not have a
photograph to capture this moment
and I was like oh my god seal I want to
fuck you that was beautiful
no one ever speaks to me like that and
then I realized fused lyrics are not
lyrics that's how he talks all the time
steals at the optometrist stop toms is
like Sudha what's wrong with your eyes
he's like did you know that when it
snows my eyes become white and the light
that you shine can be seen
what the hell are you talking about what
I should not be affecting your vision
that way still we need to run some tests
she look at a bunch of snow here let's
see if seals I start getting why you're
in a dinner party with seal seal how's
the chicken I compared her to orchids
from the rose on the gray ooh the more I
eat of it the taster it is yeah
now that the chicken is through the rice
joins my food on the plate yum yum yum
yum so so the event went well a good
time the next day they had another event
it was like a charity dinner charity
auction so I went to that had a lot of
fun I had a lot of wine there I drank a
lot of wine and then the next day I woke
up and I was like oh
what did I do last night they've all had
those moments I had maybe one of the
most bizarre instances of that happening
though cuz I woke up the next morning I
was like what did i do last night I
think I did and won a charity auction to
be an extra in the next Tyler Perry
movie
yeah this is 100% true
I paid an exorbitant amount of money at
a charity auction so me and a friend of
my choice
could be extras in the next Tyler Perry