hank you very much it's great to be
here at the Grove waiting a long time to
play this place and we sold it out thank
you for coming out tonight we're gonna
have some fun here tonight I uh I've
been married now for 21 years now that
being said if you had a job for 21 years
you'd know that job inside and out
backwards and forwards wouldn't here I
can honestly stand here tonight and tell
you after 21 years of marriage I know no
more about women and I knew the day I
got interested and I know one thing
before I got married I had a backbone
and I had testicles
I know I had a backbone because I had an
x-ray and I know I had testicles glazed
to make my own decisions I could go the
whole day without help from a woman all
sudden I got married and my brain went
mm-hmm I can't even leave the house now
without looking at my wife going do I
look all right and I love when I get
this response well you're not wearing
that are you no no see I was in the
closet and you weren't around to help me
so this must have been hanging right
next to what you wanted me to wear and
I'm gonna go change now I figured out
when you're involved with a woman it's
like being shot at by a sniper but you
don't know where they're at it's like
you got this grassy knoll that just
follows you around see ladies I would
love to stand here tonight and tell you
that as guys we think about stuff and we
mullet around in our heads we just ain't
that deep
guys got three basic knees ladies eating
sleeping sex that's it see and that is
our whole day our whole day is consumed
with getting to that next basic need you
ever watch a guy around a campfire watch
him sometime just stares at it pokes a
little bit flip some sticks up on it
he's thinking he's thinking how can I
get sex
see guys if we could go without sex
women would be in so much trouble and
they know that but they also know this
they know we can't and women good god
y'all are like camels hell you'll go
munch you may not want to but if this
don't prove the point by God you will go
the distance I'll tell you what I'm not
decided if it wasn't for the sex I could
be gay hell then you're just hanging out
with your buddies
it's just when they get that look in a
deer camp like hey like right I'm out of
here
women will set you up to do not think
they won't night ladies I really don't
think you do it to be me and I honestly
don't I think it's just part of the game
like ever watched a cat play with a
wounded mouse they won't kill it because
then they got nothing to play with it's
just women women are in control fellas
and i'm mateus and I tell you this not
to get a hoot and holler from the women
women have the power and that is okay
because when you relinquish the fact
that you have no control fellas then you
get to be a guy you don't have to be the
man and I'm head of the household forget
that mess you can just be a guy which is
great because when anything goes wrong
you just go
sorry I'm just together a long time ago
when my wife and I got engaged I said to
her baby I think I know what the key to
a happy long marriage is she said what
is that and I said I'll handle all the
hard decisions you handle all the easy
ones and to this day 21 years later we
ain't had a hard decision yet now back
to what I was starting with women will
set you up and this is just part of the
control thing my wife was going through
makar one night she said looking for a
map
I know it's bogus because every time we
drive anywhere she knows exactly where
we're going has no problem telling me
how to get there
we could be driving back to our own
house and my wife will turn amigo you
need to turn left here thank god you're
here
hell I'd have been lost in the field
somewhere just driving in circles cop
comes up with a problem here my wife
ain't around I'm gonna give you a
warning this time
don't be driving without your wife
anymore we could come up to a stop sign
my wife ago you're gonna have to stop
well you saved my life again how can I
repay the princess which brings up
another point how come whenever I'm
driving and I barely touched the brakes
out of the corner of my right eye this
what I see what is Dustin Hoffman
couldn't act that good and like that's
gonna stop him from going through the
windshield honey let me take some you
are never gonna hear this on the news
and the woman would have survived the
crash but she didn't grab the dashboard
in time back to you Jim
so she
see a lot of finger pointing going on
right now so she's going through my
truck she finds a pack of cigarettes and
you know she's been on me to quit and I
know I should cuz it shut her up
so she walks in the house with a pack of
cigarettes now instead of seeing what a
guy would say which is hey bounties in
your truck you're busted my wife walks
in and goes bill are these yours that my
friends is what we call a set up
question she has given me the
opportunity to lie and I always figure
honesty is the best policy right ladies
oh yeah
kind of like when your parents used a
few just tells the truth you won't get
in trouble
hang on to that dream so I said yeah
baby they're mine now this is the leap
that a woman can make that a guy just
cannot follow she looks me right in the
eye and she says well bill if you're
lying to me about smoking how do I know
you're not sleeping with other women
what Evel Knievel couldn't have made
that lead of course being a guy I don't
think before I talk psycho well I guess
you don't connect her to the mouse come
here
and if you've been involved with a woman
long enough you know that periodically
we have to have what they like to call
the come to Jesus meeting and this is
where they've had it and they want to
talk we had one two nights ago we're
shit at the dinner table me and the kids
and my wife we said grace our Forks were
up and my wife goes all right I was like
ah hell all right kids
put your Forks down
mama sticks and lose her mind I said
what is it and she goes I am NOT the
only person in this house that knows how
to load a dishwasher
and I innocently said well apparently
you are now way because she had kind of
the same reaction she said what do you
mean by that I said baby we put our
stuff in the dishwasher and then you
come in behind this and rearrange it see
nobody told me that there had to be a
pattern to the dishwasher you know guys
I'm going to inform you right now it
cannot go play bowl saucer bowl plate
saucer
alright that just don't work it has to
be a plate and all his buddies in a row
then you have to have the Brotherhood of
bowls altogether and apparently food
will just stick to a fork in
thousand-degree water if there's a spoon
anywhere near him laundry room not even
allowed in there anymore
apparently some of you aren't either
because I looked at the dial on the
washing machine and it said cold warm
hot warm is right in the middle that's
where everything gets clean no no no no
bill
the whites go in the hot water and the
colors go in the cold water and then I
found out that there's a whole nother
group it's called delicate things and
there's a whole cycle just for that
see you can't fell as you can't just put
a pair of jeans in with a pair of
panties because it just slaps them
around the whole cycle and their
feelings get hurt they're delicate
tell you know the way she set me up one
night we're lying in bed we're kissing
we're making now things are starting to
progress and one of my three basic needs
is about to be met well I've had dinner
night tired I'll let you do the math and
she just stopped just stopped ladies
guys can't just stop it it's like p.m.
all right it'll cause bodily injury if
we just stop and I said what's wrong and
she looked me right in the eye with
those big brown eyes and she said is
there anything new you want to try in
bed tonight
Oh God Oh think think what is the right
answer
because I know as soon as I come up with
something I think it'd be a little fun
I'm gonna hear this where'd you learn
that oh yeah what's your little slutty
smoking girlfriend
21 years on our 21st wedding anniversary
we got talking about the difference when
that first year marriage not 21st year
boy there's a little difference in their
member that first year you pick a fight
with your spouse just so you could make
up and have sex 21 years later you pick
a fight with them just so they'll sleep
in the other room my wife never snored
our first year marriage feast now 21
years later sound like somebody starting
up an 18-wheeler and they never believe
they snore do they men no they're like I
don't snore
there's a pack of bears in the backyard
baby my wife never had morning breath
our first year of marriage God she used
to roll over and go hi baby and I'm like
oh good I love you 21 years later they
roll over hi babe
when she eat the possum
I don't remember seeing it on the
highway remember that first year
marriage you go swimsuit shopping
together
your wife files little sexy string
bikinis oh yeah
21 years later we don't swim remember
that you go shopping with maybe try on
that little sexy bikini and then from
behind the dressing-room door you hear
this you don't see what it looks like in
the kitchen we're like god dang right 21
years later buddy you sitting in a
little chair of the store gives you
holding her purse and from behind the
dressing-room door you hear you have got
to be kidding me
and our brains telling us don't ask but
we can't stop can I see it no I'm not
coming out in this thing alright I'm
gonna go look at tires now here's
something I didn't know fellas when
women try on bathing suits they leave
their underwear on and then complain it
doesn't fit right
we'll take your damn panties off whoo
whoo where's penny
the last time I had underwear on her
Neath my swimsuit I was a year and a
half old and that was strictly a safety
precaution
I said dang baby take your panties off
shields oh that's gross can I go you got
me on that one what she owes bill other
women might have tried these on without
their panties on I'm like really
she'll stop it I'm like sorry I'm just a
guy maybe that first year married fellas
you come home from work at a bad day on
the job he walk in that front door just
beat down like uh what a day at work and
your new bride of one year to be like Oh
baby
they shouldn't be mean to you you sit
out I'm gonna get you a cold beer
21 years lady walk in the front door ugh
god what a day at work
your wife screams you wanna hear what
went on at this house
while you were at your job remember that
first year marriage if you had to go to
the bathroom oh dear Lord
shut the door lock it turn the faucets
on turn the shower on cuz god forbid
they knew you were going poop 21 years
later that bathroom doors wide open
you're screaming bring the camera it's
alive
my wife still won't shut doors she's
going pee that just bugs the hell out of
me
I've seen her naked I've seen her give
birth to my two kids but she will not
trip that back through dope I'm like
baby please shut the bathroom door and
she goes why does it bother you I go do
you want to know why cuz you look so
helpless guys we're P and we're hanging
on to something we're doing something
you women go P it looks like you're
waiting on a bus
Christ get a gameboy or something man
see and there's another difference woman
walks into bathroom on a man if he stand
up she knows what he's doing if he's
sitting down she knows what he's doing
fella walks in the bathroom a woman
she's sitting down we don't know what
you're doing and you don't want to walk
in that invisible wall do you fellas
yeah you know like hey baby
I'm a mouse Waterloo bit I'll be right
in town hell first year of our marriage
I just speak my wife poop 21 years later
buddy she learned how fellas remember
that first year of marriage when a new
bride will do laundry for the first time
and he freaked out cause she thought you
might have dirty underwear so you just
threw them away 21 years later you just
hoping to hear her scream oh my god did
you hit a deer
that is my favorite joke only cuz I
don't care what city I'm in I do that
joke I see some woman do this
of course one of the products of a
marriage is children and I have two
lovely children I have a 17 year old
daughter that's fixed to graduate high
school and go off to college
dang I tell you what man
you won't talk about a slap in the face
that's when you walk on a college campus
with your daughter and you catch some
guy checking her out yeah then I realize
it was a slap in the face when wife got
me checking out college chicks sorry oh
my god where were those girls when I was
in college my Frankel's they were there
hey I got the yearbook my friend my
College yearbook looks like the program
from the Eukanuba Dog Show all right
and not even the winners just not ready
for to be so grown up
you know God Almighty on these girls now
they're wearing these jeans at her cut
that God one sneezer surprises out just
not ready for that man is you know my
wife and I were standing the bathroom
Miller and I talked and my daughter
comes he goes hey mom can I borrow your
razor I'm like for what she was I want
to shave my legs and I go why ain't
nobody gonna be touching them
yeah you think I'm joking I want my
daughter to have those big old monkey
hair legs you know I'm not that kind of
hairy leg when they pull the socks up
the hair sticks out of the socks
I'm just not ready for her to be so
grown up and I'm still getting over just
few years ago when I was coming over my
son's baseball practice my cell phone
rings my wife's because they're on the
way home for practice I said yeah and
feels stopped off the drugstore pick
your daughter up some pads
I'm not in right now if you'd leave your
name number bill please don't make me do
this see those I can't get away just
make sure they're narrow al what is
narrow can she use one of yours and
folded in half so now I gotta take my
son with me who every five minute like
what are we looking for dad of like a
gun to kill myself so I go to this drug
story walking to this woman who works
for who I don't know and I said hey um
listen do um do you have any and if you
don't it's cool um any little girl
mcnair oh hey moments that are you her
father no princess I'm on some kind of
sicko scavenger hunt said yes I'm her
dad she was honey there over on aisle 17
so I go to aisle 17 there are like 5,000
of these thing none of which shake
narrow I'm on the phone my wife in Guam
baby please let me come home
no listen honey there's no narrow this
one has butterflies on it this one plays
a little tune who finds them my son who
precedes a scream out here's the little
girl narrow pass
thank you son
listen honey I don't think they heard
you in Scotland I bought 2600 she's just
grown up on me man Jesus he's a woman it
said she Scott she's smart she took her
SAT scores didn't take the pretest
stayed out till midnight the night
before 1390 now I tell you that that's
for two reasons one to brag and the
other day she wants to retake the test I
go what are you stupid if i discord 1390
on my SAT scores I just spray painted it
on the side of my car and the SAT score
right there partner
I wish my SAT score had four digits in
it that equal 13
my son is 12 now and is really getting
into girls a lot but the thing about
twelve-year-old boys is this they don't
possess what I like to call that
discretionary gene yet he and I were
walking down the street going over the
ball fields the other day and there was
a woman walking towards us who was
gifted and I saw and I saw him see him
but she was too close to me to go dude
shut up she hadn't walked two feet
behind us and he goes god
and all I could say was the idea we had
to have the big talk this year I was on
the road my wife called me says well you
need to have a talk with your son which
I find incredibly amusing that when he's
in trouble
I have sole ownership and I said what
happened she goes well him and his
friends were on the internet and they
pulled up one of those sex sites
I was like no oh Lord I said baby did
you write down the name of the site just
for reference
she's like shut up and I knew this talk
was coming I wanted my talk with my son
to be a little more informative my
father's talk with me I don't know about
the rest you fellas my dad not even
habit talk till I finally cornered him
one night said dad when he good talking
about sex I'm 30 but I also know this
the kids they're a lot more informed
than you and I were and we were more
informed in our parental what these kids
know today is scary so I set him down I
said look son when you have a little
talk about the birds and the bees and I
said but uh I know that you and your
buddies already chatted about this so
why don't you do this why don't you tell
me what you think you know and I'll just
fill in the blank spots
let's seem rational till 30 minutes
later I'm sitting there with a pen and a
pad of paper
they'll do that just gotta ask now if
you've got a young manager house around
that age you know this that they think
they know everything and what what
happens when that world meets the world
that's still naive it can make for some
of the funniest stuff you've ever seen
in your life and you've all had that if
you got kids you've had that moment
where you've got blood in your mouth
because you're biting your lip because
you cannot laugh and during our little
chat one of these moments arrived we
were having our little talk and I said
you know son I said when you finally
meet this girl whoever she is and you
fall in love and you think you might do
it like oh you got to swear to me right
now that you will always use a condom
I said cuz it prevents diseases it
prevents unwanted pregnancies and he's
kind of looking at me funny I said you
know what a condom is right and he goes
yeah I go all right I go why don't you
uh won't you tell me so I know you know
and he goes dead like oh come on
and he goes oh a condom
is a rubber thing shaped like a wiener
that hums
you've been in mama sock drawer haven't
you
Oh Oh my wife loves that joke she goes
why do you do that joke you know I don't
have one of those and I go I know that
just figured if you keep hearing it
she's like Phil and I go sorry I'm just
a guy oh man
hey that's what one of the things I love
the best about my son's that he makes me
laugh and he does it without trying
which makes it even funnier he'd been
playing baseball with his buddies one
day I guess he slid and got a scrape on
his rear end right there and he came in
house he's whined about grape juice
grape feels great my wife said well
going in your room take your pants off
and I'm coming in rub some ointment on
it well I'm in there talking to him my
wife from an appointment on his butt and
he farted
I'm laughing cuz I'm a guy and my wife
looked at him and went Travis and he
turned to his mother with the
straightest face I've ever seen in my
life and said my compliments to the chef
that's my boy
every year we take a trip across country
going back to the ranch and uh just me
and my son it's our time to be buddies
or dad and son whatever the situation
might call for and so I didn't know this
but apparently across this country there
has been as popularity of topless steak
houses popping up and they're legitimate
restaurants just the waitresses are
topless but they don't advertise it like
they don't say like Cindy's topless
steakhouse
it just says Cindy steakhouse so words
right now we're driving across country
and I got to be about dinnertime I said
son you getting hungry goes yeah okay
look there's a steakhouse so we pull in
a steakhouse we walk up to the hostess
who's fully dressed and she was going to
get you gentlemen a table I said yes man
that'd be nice as two of us she seats us
at our table I'm looking at the menu and
I become aware of the fact that someone
else has walked up next to the table
and I looked up and my son's eyes
are glued to this woman like my eyes
were glued to that woman and she was
going to get you boys anything I said Oh
Lord said ma'am I believe there's been a
mistake made here and my son goes don't
you want to hear what the special is
honey I believe we're looking at the
special and he goes a week at splits I'm
like shut up boy all the way across that
park and I was like if your mama after
we had dinner we went to Burger King
because there's no food like oh that's
right there no foods at Burger King goes
how was your take is it great the he's
starting to play sports a little more
seriously now I had to take him any
other day to get his real a real
physical and we were driving the
doctor's office and his only concern
about this whole physical was whether he
was going to get a shot or not he was
dead am I gonna get shot and I said no
it's your sports physical there's no
shot two minutes later damn I gonna get
shot I go did you not hear me
no shot sports physical two minutes
later dad I go son a shot is the least
of your worries at this point
we get in the doctor's office and I'm
standing right next to him doctor checks
his heart and his lungs and blood
pressure and all sudden doctor goes
right son take your pants off
what'd he say he wants you to take your
pants off why it's just part of your
sports physical son we wear pants and
sports take your pants off
doctor goes right take you underwear off
dad I said it's all right
these darts
am I in trouble for some just take your
underwear off so he slices drawers down
and that doctor reached up and just
grabbed him do y'all remember that
cartoon where the cat would be asleep on
the rug and that little puppy would
sneak up behind him and that cat would
scream to the ceiling that would have
been my son if that doctor had not had
hold of him and he is flipping out the
doctor goes son relax I just want to
make sure you got for Dad
- he meant - it's a joke haha so the
doctors got hold of him and he goes
right son coughing my son goes and he
said no boy COFF and he goes I forgot
all the way home he won't even look at
me
he's just straight out the windshield
boy finally about halfway home he was
dead
I said yeah son he goes that was weird I
said I know I said but you got to get it
done man because well I know still weird
I said yeah waiter you're 40
what happens then you see this finger
son they stick it in your butt what
which is amazing isn't it with all the
advances in modern medicine this is
still the only way to check for that man
you don't got a Polaroid or something I
mean I had mine two months ago I don't
know what this fellow was looking for
but after a while I'm like a dog why
don't you tell me when I'm thinking and
he's like why I said cuz you're touching
my brain that's why he's that's my
cerebrum there et if you're checking for
cavities got a dentist thank
and they use that stuff that it's like
axle grease in the fellas you can't wash
that mess off with lava soap and a SOS
pad and my doctor wants to talk to me
while he's doing it
shut up just do me Zin we'll chat
I'm tell you what the older I get the
less I trust medicine I guess it's just
getting older man you know
god I hate getting I'd say why about
siding getting old sucks you know you're
getting old when you spend more time on
the ointment aisle
than any other aisle in the grocery
store or commercials that used to laugh
at you find yourself going hmm I make
noises getting into bed now what is that
give everybody a go yeah we go yeah
right then if I get on them all night to
go pee which is another sign you're
getting older
I used to sleep all night pee for 20
minutes now it wakes me up say hey like
didn't we just do this I start walking
to the bathroom my bones are popping so
loud I don't like somebody walking on
packing peanuts and then I read in the
paper that viagra now has a pill they
call The Weekender because it's effects
last 36 hours dear God
thirty-six hours I'm thrilled if it
lasts three to six minutes let me tell
you something
thirty-six hours you're not making love
at that point you're a circus freak you
might as well just parade people through
your big group seventeen hours
twenty-eight hours I mean can I can I
tell you something if I took that hill
The Weekender was effects that last 36
hours I'd be dead
physically dead from the lack of blood
to my brain
the only good side effect is they'd have
a handle they could carry me out of the
building with
thirty-six hour and knowing my wife at
35 hours and 59 minutes he'd holler I'm
almost there
it's been three day could we focus just
part of it then I got a hernia this year
I swear I you know what I talk a lot
about my about my wife I do love it and
one of the things that makes us work is
it were just so different workout and
she always wants me to go work out with
her you saying I'm gonna go on a
two-hour walk do you want to go I'm like
or I could watch Law & Order and have
two beers hmm so one day she goes you
know what bill you need a trainer and I
go whoa whoa I go they're not that big
that's muscle she was uh she was a
physical trainer I go don't she was re
did she hired this guy named Hans and
Hans is one of these people who he's the
male version of my wife he just lives to
work out so we go to the gym and he puts
me on this machine where you lie on your
back at kind of an angle and your feet
are up here on this plate and then
there's a bar with 6,000 pounds of
weight and you're like this and I go all
right what do we do and he goes you push
it up
he goes now let it down pat my knees are
right here and I go honks I can't feel
my back and he goes oh and with one hand
lift these weights up I go why are we
doing this exercise and he goes football
players do this exercise every day cuz
every day they got 400-pound defensive
linemen running at him full speed and I
said Hantz you need a glimpse into my
daily life after my morning Bloody Mary
I've never really had a 400-pound
defensive lineman come wrapped me down
this sidewalk at full speed but let's
just say one did I would see him and
step out of the way what I'll do it
again I'm not even tired
so I go to my doctor and he goes yeah
you got a hernia we'll fix it tomorrow
day surgery so I'm kind of flipping
about the surgery because remember the
old-fashioned way where they would cut
you open you were gone five six weeks
they don't do that anymore now they just
poke two holes in you and in one they
stick a camera which is a journey I
wouldn't go on and in near the hole they
fix it I was in and out 45 minutes no
pain but the doctor gave me a
prescription of vicodin
in case there was any pain oh I had pain
where has that been my whole life
vicodin you know why I now know why you
have to have a prescription to get that
mess because when you're on vicodin you
don't give a rat's ass about anything we
can walk out there on the 91 get hit by
a semi pan we're like my fault my fault
so two days after my surgery we took the
kids to the Bahamas on their spring
break and I discovered in the islands of
the Bahamas that half a vicodin and a
Bahama Mama makes for a bitchin day and
I found out by accident what happened
was we went to this resort where the
whole deal was you could swim with the
sharks in the lagoon yeah you don't
really swim with him it's like on a
little fence and you can touch him and
who you more money well my son is was a
shark fanatic at the time you mean the
first morning I'm kicked back at my wife
and I his bed just kind of rested he
comes bolting into our room and goes
let's go see the sharks and does this
Spider Man leap and in slow motion I
watched him as he landed right on my
hernia and I'm just like ah
Oh mr. vicodin but as I'm reaching for
these pills I realized I gotta be
careful cuz I have no drug or alcohol
tolerance at all I swear to you I'm the
cheapest drunk on the planet it takes
nothing to get me loopy and doing stupid
stuff yeah some you like that well like
riding an electric floor buffer for a
shot of tequila did it if I get the flu
at my house and I take a shot of nyquil
I'm walking around my own living room
look at my wife go hey baby what's up
she's like go to bed my that's what I
was thinking about so I only ate half
this vicodin back at the resort because
I knew we were going on the beach well
it's about an hour before we got down
the beach and I'd forgotten about it
because that's how they work they don't
take away your pain they just make you
forget you ever had any so I'm lying
this Beach chair this woman walks by
with a tray of drinks she goes sir would
you like a Bahama Mama and I said well I
believe it's breakfast so I start
swilling this rum drink well the rum and
the vicodin converged in my system and I
wasn't that beached here just going
I'm gonna braid my hair
and my wife goes oh God Sheils bill bill
whoo look at me both eyes bill you're
scaring the kids
now honey I'm gonna take him to the pool
all right now you say you sit here honey
don't talk to anybody don't look at
anybody you know what just stare at the
sand come I can do
she wasn't gone five minutes and this
island guy walks up to me goes hey man
what you looking at
Sam it everywhere will forget the sand
let's go parasailing
why that sounds superb my friend I've
never seen vicodin land from 300 feet in
the air and I just climbed in this cat's
boat I didn't ask for a driver's license
I did pass for immigration papers if
we're headed to Cuba put the enchiladas
on cuz daddy's home now you know what
parasailing is right yeah that's where
they hook half an acre a parachute to
you 300 feet of rope that's attached to
you and this guy's boat you have now
become his personal kite so they put me
on this platform and there was three
guys on the boat there was a guy hooked
me up that was his job and the other two
guys job was to drink beer and
apparently they were professionals so
they give me all hooked up and there was
no on your mark get sad it was just whoo
we took off and I start rising up and I
was just this is righteous look at my
kitten look at it innovation allegiance
at 300 feet the Rope jerk now apparently
that was enough of a jerk to jerk me out
of vicodin land and into reality land
I'm 300 feet in the air I'm scared of
heights
so my first reaction was I go bring me
down bring me down what they heard was
let's go around as we are circling the
lagoon for the third time I realize this
cute little fish are the Sharks
I've got two day old hernia scars oh
they can smell that they're circling the
boat like oh come to Papa no more stupid
squid for me and I have no idea why the
shark had a French accent so they start
bringing me down on all sudden the two
guys remember the two guys who haven't
paid me any attention at all
well now they've got a freaked out look
on their face and they're poking their
buddy who's driving the boat and
pointing at me disk it's my attention
and I look down and I realized the
problem we are gonna miss the platform
from which we took off oh not by a lot
but enough
as my toes touched the water the guy
driving the boat screams at me just poke
him in the eye move this oh my god
I literally walked on water went back to
my hotel room ate the other half of the
vicodin and watched the Animal Planet
thank you you guys watch the animal
plant though I am so addicted to that
thing and that guy Steve Irwin up
he's like a wreck on the highway all
right you don't want to look but you
just got him he jumps on the backs of
crocodiles and puts his hands over the
rice what is that is that some kind of
sick game to the crocodile guesses who
you are it's like Steve oh you got me my
turn
did you see the one Rios mowing the
grass and the alligator pen and the
alligator grabs the lawn mower while
it's still going and pulls it underwater
that is a tip from the alligator he's
saying no need to mow today Steve little
cranky my favorite one did you see where
he was messing with it spitting cobras
this was his shining moment of idiocy
he's got the spitting cobra in front of
him all right and he's making it mad
with his backpack he's going oh look
look how he stands up when he's angry oh
it's all right little fella
I'm not gonna hurt you and you could
actually see the snake up that's it
and he's poisoning Steve's eyes will
Steve freaked out he was oh my god
he's been poisoning my eyes and y'all I
am screaming at my television set
they're spitting cobras you moron Jesus
did you hear the heart
I'm not even a vet and I know that one
you here move and now they got this
woman the pet psychic Oh God
is there no lo that television won't
stoop to this woman actually has the
cojones to come out and look in the
camera go I can tell you what your pet
is thinking you know what Prince is so
can i if i look out in the backyard and
my dog looks like this I know he's not
trying to jump the fence
she had a guy he walked this dog on the
set and as soon as he walked on I said
this woman went just like this she went
oh oh he's not very happy is he he's
he's telling me oh good lord
what was he hit by a car and the guy
goes how'd you know and I go get he's
got three legs my favorite guys are the
snake guys these are the biggest morons
on the planet
cuz holding some hugely venomous snake I
go oh look it's a beautiful black mamba
and you see the snake go in latch on
their face like well the little fellas
hungry I need some anti-venom no you
need a bullet in the head you should not
be breeding keep that parrot there
that's why I don't have my own animal
show cuz I'd be like hey look everybody
it's a beautiful Black Mamba why you son
of a
a sleeping now did you read about that
woman Australia who found the six-foot
snake in her toilet yes a six-foot live
snake in her toilet
can I take some if I found a 6 inch worm
in my toilet I don't need a toilet
anymore I need who said underwear
because I just hit a deer
oh god bless my wife that's what she
puts up with every day of the year I do
love her and I think one of the reason
we've stayed together for a long time
it's because she's a woman and she
understands men and she understands that
me being a man
I don't possess that gene that tells me
when to shut up guys you're in dogging
your wife your girlfriend also in you're
in trouble you have no idea why I'll
tell you why
it's cuz we have said something we don't
realize we've said because it didn't go
through the shutup filter my wife is
this cute a woman as it could ever be on
this planet and she's just as she went
to the hair salon one day and they had
cut her hair and gelled it and it looked
so hot and she came home she was he
liked my hair and I said oh baby I go
your hair looks fantastic and her eyes
lit up and a smile came across her face
and my brains thinking oh nice one bill
we're gonna get sex tonight now just
shut up and my brain goes how'd they get
that greasy look in it
good back shame I was in line to grow
store a couple months ago there was a
woman in line in front of who had
without a doubt ladies and gentlemen the
ugliest baby I'd ever seen in my life
don't get me wrong I love children this
was a Halloween mask with legs all right
you could not drink this baby cute all
right and I was just mesmerized by this
child's ugliness and the woman looked at
me and I panicked and I went yeah
hmm that's a handsome little man there
and the lady said she is a little girl
every synapse in my brain is screaming
shut up man just look stupid like a guy
just look stupid in my mouth no speaka
the money you'll save on prom dress
I don't learn we try to do a lot of
things together my wife and I do that
really hadn't worked out well she don't
like to hunt and fish and I don't like
to go see movies and I'd go see movies
but we have to go see movie you know
like the wedding planner and yeah 10
ways to lose the guy I hate those movies
I'll tell you why I hate them cuz you
always got to have that love scene in
them I hate that you know I hate the
loves a movie cuz they don't portray it
as being real now I don't mean like
pornos real yeah that'd be cool I'm
talking about real life love I mean
here's a line that you will never hear
in a love scene a movie but every guy
has heard this in his once in his life
I'll got-dang it that hurts that's real
love
and see what happens ladies is you drag
us to these movies and we watch these
love scenes with these movies and we
think we can do that at our house here's
my last argument you don't think women
are control this world a woman can stop
any sexual advance from her husband or
her boyfriend in a dark room buttering
one phrase and it goes just like this
what are you doing him therein but one
answer to that question apparently
nothing right you see we go to these
movies and we think we can do that like
you remember the movie nine and a half
weeks okay all right there was a
specific scene in that movie where a
woman was tied to the bed she was
blindfolded in the guy was theater
strawberries
well she griping no she was squirming on
the bed like a worm on the hot sidewalk
man she's like ah no you're making me so
hot and I'm in the movie theater going
I'm gonna throw the mauve well
apparently Bologna and string cheese is
not a big turn-on to a blind for the
woman who knew
I like the movie sea of love when the
guy grabbed the woman's panties just
like ripped them off of her hmm well
that don't happen I've tried it the only
way they'll rip up there's a hole
already in them and if there's no hole
all you're doing is just jerk get on
their underwear and then women are like
what are you doing being sexy
well thanks for the wedgie Romeo you
want to call 911 my hip out of joint you
want to show me real love in a movie
show me a couple making love and their
dogs are watching them at the edge of
the bed
that's real my friend because it's hard
to throw down your best moves when
there's these eyes at the edge of the
bed is like ooh nice move air bill jeez
don't that hurt your back I think my
wife's bra off throw it across the room
dog brings it back I can always tell
when I'm doing really good cuz he growls
look it's like oh she loves this game
yeah or like when a couple of the movies
just rolling around in bed sheets or
flying pillows flying off the bed boom
hit the floor don't even miss a beat
well I am sorry cuz you roll off the bed
onto your partner what are you here whoo
get off me
I swear to god you broke my back and
we're like sorry can you go some more we
got 35 hours to kill
thank you you guys are wonderful I've
got to do some really cool stuff in my
life and one of them was recent recent I
got to shoot a film with three of my
good friends called the Blue Collar
Comedy Tour thank you for your support
on that one the other cool thing I got
to do two years ago was I got to go to
the Winter Olympics with my family and
it was so great having our country and
being a host of this and just had the
one most wonderful time and I got to say
a great story if anybody went it was
right after the 9/11 thing and so lax
was just a zoo it was an ant farm and I
literally became Jack Nicholson that
movie as good as it gets and like get
off me don't touch me get off me
so we get through that we get on the
plane they won't let you get up 30
minutes after you take off or thirty
minutes for you land I've been drinking
I have to pee
so we get to Salt Lake City and I've got
a bladder like out to here and now I'm
at an airport crammed with people who
don't understand the phrase I'm gonna
pee on you if you don't move about to
pee on me be don't move and for whatever
reason my wife we just in one of these
moves you just get they my ear just see
I guess it was a stress you did you get
a rental car my guess I got a rental car
juice did you get on the ski rack I go
yes I go with you know what honey some
days I go the whole day without any of
your help
oh that soothed it over and my fuse is
about that long and I'm slamming our
bags in the trunk of this car and I slam
her skis up in the rack and the guy
written the car right next to me goes
you going skiing nope we put him on top
of the car in case we flip over on icy
road
as your time
oh we've had some good ones this year
friend of Mines wife turned 38 she
wasn't real happy about it so he thought
as a joke he'd go to the bakery he
bought two cakes one had that happy and
had a three on it the other one said
birthday and had an eight on it and he
said Bill I walked up to the checkout
stand I set the cakes down a little girl
to register goes oh do you have twins
yep my wife was in labor for five years
here's your sign
this year I did something was really fun
I went to I went to Anaheim angel
baseball fantasy camp which was just a
wonderful time some of my guys are here
tonight and they can all vouch missed
after that first date we all like kind
of hopped off the bus the first day the
second day we all kind of like was like
I'm walking back to my hotel and I can
barely lift my I'm just walking and this
woman goes to your legs hurt nope
just crapped my pants
here's your shot
I was in an office building couple weeks
ago there's Stan at the elevators on the
ground floor the up button is pushed a
man walks up and he goes excuse me are
these the elevators that go up no please
go side-to-side the uplands are down the
hall he walked away here's your sign my
sons playing piano and he's pretty dang
good at it Nielsen and in watching TV
and he came in he goes hey dad I won't
play your song on the piano I said oh
cool so we walk into where the piano is
he goes i'ma play a song from Harry
Potter and I said oh the movie and he
goes no the book airs and I go done I
went to elfcon a couple years ago got me
a nice Bowl I'll kind of mount on the
wall of my den in my neighborhood I
loved to death but he just dumped her in
a bag of rock we've been to den drinking
beer and shooting pool for about an hour
for you fine looked up on the wall and
saw the head one oh man I don't see that
I think you shoot that thing I said nope
just ran through the wall and got stuck
here's your sign
right out of here on the 405 I got stuck
behind a big rig who wears his trailer
up are needing overpass I mean a trucker
stand on side row talking waiting on the
tow truck driver and the highway
patrolman pulls up he looks at the guys
rig and he looks at the truck and I'm
thinking oh dear God he can't say it
because I'll start laughing but sure
enough he goes you get your truck stuck
and god bless his trucker without
missing a beat he goes nope I was
delivering that overpass I ran out of
gas but the best one that we had all
year long and I can tell you this one
cuz she ain't here tonight my wife did I
got booked on a corporate job in
Missouri but it was a morning show so I
had to fly in the night before on this
little puddle jumper airplane into this
remote airstrip at night when we landed
on the runway we hit a deer with our
plane you can't make this huh
and it killed the deer it wrecked the
engine we had to evacuate the plane but
the plane was so small I didn't even
have slides the flight attendants that
just step out so they put us in a van
and they're busting us back to the
terminal and I'm laughing at this point
because this is the dumbest thing I've
ever seen in my life
and I got back the terminal I called my
wife and I said baby you're not going to
believe this
I go we just hit a deer with our
airplane there was a pause on the other
end of the line followed by oh my god
were you on the ground I said nope Santa
was making one land run here's your sign
thank y'all good show man so you can't
make that stuff up buddy
right about now that's great thank you
have a nice Drive to wait in American
line I got a silver pen I'm amazed at
how many people think that I would have
a black pen for black
thank you hey there y'all thanks for
coming out