all right soon yeah I want to get a gun
I told him I really do
I never had that feeling before so I
moved out to Los Angeles the city just
messes with your mind you know so but
populated technically doesn't have a
water supply right the dollars crashing
shit keeps you up at night you just
thickened what am i doing the Samba scum
I start reading up on shit get some
powdered food plant some zucchini get a
windmill right and that's all well and
good but if you don't know how to fight
all you're doing is gathering supplies
for the toughest guy in the block right
think about that what am I gonna do some
dude turns me upside down starts shaking
the gold coins out of my pockets
I gotta get a gun so I'm on the road
right I'm in Reno great gun town coming
out in a little gun store right come
walk into some redneck down like a man I
don't want to get a gun like I hear you
what you looking for what you want
Mossberg over on merit 357 Magnum right
such rattling off all this gibberish all
right I don't know shit I'm trying to
play it off I feel like a bitch cuz I
don't know anything about guns feels
like what do we do here
hello I'm in both honesty I don't look
dude I know anything about guns they
terrify me but I'm worried about the
zombies
dudes just like you need a shotgun
shotgun man it's got a good spread
cz the low doesn't have a lot of working
parts got a good spread he kept saying
that it's got a good spread like what
does that mean you could love me you
ain't gotta be too accurate get it good
spread farther way you are and the more
shit you it got a good spread thank you
got a problem over here you now look at
this room wow it got a probably ready
for anything no it's even remotely a
problem ain't there anymore trust me and
then these people here they saw what you
just did here you ain't got a problem
Harry
graves taking care of right there one
shot these people get smart flipping
over
wow it's it's friends don't like laughs
am i yourself I'm like dude look I just
want to shoot the guy I don't think do a
bunch of drywall work yeah reframe my
diploma get my parakeet another friend
yeah I just want to shoot the guy I'm
like another one he's pistol so he does
like that classic like that redneck
trailing off thing like
I know I just met here corner here it is
shiny one feels like the what's wrong
with getting a pistol you guys I'll tell
you what buddy cuz life life ain't a
movie you feel me like now can you
please stop speaking and these backwards
riddles can you just say what you're
saying I told you I don't know shit
about guns come on do me solid here with
those look if you're watching movie Kaka
blah blah Blau he keep kill sweet people
real laughs man you miss you miss all
fuckin time you miss enough fans man you
miles you're acting miles would you
stand there with big stapler here man
what you gonna do I was like well fuck
it let's get the shotgun
he's already to box the thing up and
then I'm like wait a minute
I live with my girl I can't you show up
with a shotgun right that's not some
shit you can just come home with I found
this stool on the side of the road I can
come on with this look at it we we can
refinish it we can carve our initials
today we did a good time right you show
up with a shotgun I got it for us I went
barrel for you one for me now
so see kibosh is the whole thing so the
other night somebody broke into our car
sitting in the driveway starts fucking
with her head right so she starts
reading up on guns
you know she's reading too much cuz now
she wants to get one but she's just like
well I heard you got to keep the bullets
in this day keep the stock in the garage
and then what then when I run around the
house and assemble it if some dudes
chasing me with an axe they don't even
thinking this thing through sweetheart
running around with where's the stuff
it's in the living room in the living
room forgetting this thing I want that
fucking thing loaded right on the
bedroom wall right there I'll put that
into my gym gym sleep just like that no
other point that's funny though when you
talk about getting a gun you know people
like they eat it totally forward or
completely against it you know either go
nuts and start screaming right well they
start sawing off those stats actually
you increase your chances of getting
shot by 80% your second you get a gun in
the house really what cuz I'm going to
load it and shower with it like the fuck
I know it's dangerous you're gonna pull
in your backyard you'll immediately
increase your odds of drowning in your
backyard right you couldn't do that
before now you step on a rake and you go
no telling you I don't buy any of that
shit
stats are so fucking stupid now now that
this stupid it's the way people apply
them you're any of your mind made up and
then you go - I'm right calm you start
memorizing a bunch of shit and you try
just throw it up at people guy trying to
get me to go scuba diving like I'm not
going I don't want to get eaten by a
shark he's like well actually 90% of
shark attacks actually happened in
shallow water it's like no shit
it's where the people are no the beach
90% of people are frolicking along the
coastline these people swim into Europe
gonna Iceland your pussies I don't know
but actually I actually like Los Angeles
one of the few East Coast people that
likes it all my moron New York friends
and Boston friends that come out there
try to get a good slice of pizza at 4:00
in the morning they can't boys fucking
play sauce it's not it's like exactly
where I left what's the point of
traveling if it's gonna be different
[Applause]
so fucking stupid get a burrito and go
on a hike what's wrong with you
you're gonna go to Hawaii there's no
pause hockey just place socks I got to
admit the only thing that freaks me out
about Los Angeles is all a plastic
surgery I don't get it
why do people get plastic surgery you
know why can't you just admit it's over
you know you had your time stop trying
to look fuckable in your 50s weird their
faces yank back look at all shiny right
not to mention they haven't even figured
enough you know why would you get a
facelift can't you look at other
facelifts and realize they haven't
worked all the bumps out yet
like that's what you want to look like
like you just lost the fight three days
ago don't be a hero let somebody else go
in there take the fucking beat you you
lay back wait it out they're just lying
to people I know let's go let's go put a
little ice on it we'll see in a couple
weeks I take it easy
Jesus Christ what the fuck up we
followed every step did we miss
something
oh oh you're cheeky sweetie keys there
you go there you go Olsen recognizes
start yelling all right take it easy
you gone on she's gonna write shred
everything shred it
now you're nuts
you wait it out let him figure it out
then you're fucking going don't be a
goddamn hero you know look at hair plugs
hair plugs don't look half bad now so
this guy the other night on TV they got
God it wasn't good this ten years ago
it's like no you don't ten years ago
when they were stapling ant legs to the
top of people's heads go ahead your eyes
would water looking at their hairline
like it this soon and I see fights are
they still put you in like a headlock
hold still
you like a nail gun pull step guys would
tap out after a row and a half fuck it
okay shit
you wish you got hair plugs 10 years ago
do you wish you got polio 60 years ago
what else is on your wish list sir
now you know fuck with your face okay I
understand liposuction they screw that
up you can put on a shirt right
[Applause]
there's no shirt for your face what do
they think they're fooling but this
stupid you know and then you lied
yourself I'm just gonna do that you can
do this
just kidding just kidding you can have
this done no you're not you know what
you you're just gonna wax the fender on
your car and that's it the rest of it
look so shitty for me where'd you see
the hood maybe a through the back that's
out happens you look like one of those
real housewives Lee face all twisted up
fucking idiots
hey do I look bad idiot don't look like
I'm in my 20s
no you look weird you look fucking weird
you still look like you're in your 50s
I just can't guess what year anymore
because I've never seen that year I've
never seen that shiny fucking look it's
almost like you discovered a new age
between 52 and 53 yeah people there's
nothing wrong with being 52 and looking
52 all right you 52 he didn't get fucked
yeah what would you rather be 52 and
look 52 I'll be 52 and look like a 28
year old lizard
that's your option at this point
it was really really like actually
embarrassing is that the facelift that's
predominantly a white problem you notice
that I've never seen a black person with
a facelift ever other than I like the
Jacksons but they're all out of their
minds
right cuz a dad made him rehearse all
day and sleep on the fireplace like
jamming on the yeah-heah bastok no hugs
no kisses his face permanently twisted
out from 50 years of screaming saying
motherfucker it's understandable with
them and you know why so many whitey
Sneed faceless I love that word I'm
trying to bring it back I love it it's
funny what you know what do you want so
many Caucasians need faceless cuz we
don't know about lotion it only half of
you laughs that should have been
everybody yeah but a lot of you was
sitting there like well what a Bob
Lowe's what is this lotion you speak of
and what is the magic Gary just to put
it out there you can use lotion on other
parts of your body besides your dick
yeah you ever wonder why you did still
looks brand-new but the rest of you is
starting to look like an aging pirate
but you need to increase the
circumference of the lotion distribution
oh you got skin everywhere Oh check
yourself out bottom of your feet look
like a prehistoric riverbed that's not
part of the natural aging process you
dry it out I'm not judging you not
judging anybody I don't know anything
about lotion never use it the first 33
is my life never use it the one night I
was going out with this black girl all
right she was getting ready and she's
just putting that shit on everywhere
slap turn it on let's see how like a
rash or something
okay I poison ivy I don't know just
making sure that a she is it a she she
goes dry skin
knowing mom I guess I freaked her out a
little bit I was like ah see they were
white people get Ashley - I was like
yeah you know I don't think we go I'm
gonna live for 33 years known as episode
she
and I heard that word until you said it
feels like you're an idiot stick out
your arm so I stick out my ramen ever so
gently she just drives her nails down
the slope starts coming up
it's like pastry Pike's flying off track
marks signing her name pickasee that she
possessed a shit your action freaked me
up like oh shit oh man I didn't know
anything about it all I knew was that I
always got itchy in the winter I'm
trigger now I always get into the ER
with a fuck to make it itchy I thought
it went the Bastile was dirty that's
what I thought and I would change it
down and put a fresh one now I'm gonna
be okay take a shower dry on fucking
itching again damn I hate the winner see
that that's why you got to hang out with
everybody yeah there's too much
information in the world and every group
of people misses a little bit white
people totally missed the lotion seminar
at some point in history I don't know
it's because we can't see it you know
black people - she looks like they like
leaned up against a chalkboard or
something no I can see it they miss it
their friends help them out like let
your ashy mother fucking elbow what is
wrong with you hey we missed that shit
the way black people missed the hole
register your weapons summit
[Applause]
just having that the information you
might have rappers who've been busted
for the unregistered Glock in the car
just lost my mind like why would you do
that to yourself
you just want to make an album over the
phone is that what it is
and like I knew auto-tune - some shit I
don't know
[Applause]
breaks my heart every time I see it I
just think God if he just had one white
friend just had one white friend in his
entourage who would've been sitting
there going like nothing registered you
out of your mind
[Applause]
legal looks like fucking three to five
mandatory hoodie I do not know that
that's the question
how do you not fucking know that
unregistered weapon in the car that
which is good if I'm driving around it
just ridiculous see there you go all
right you don't need a facelift okay lay
off the booze do some cardio moisturize
you're gonna be fine
they don't believe in these myths black
don't crack it's bullshit they all put
lotion on like every 20 minutes during
bakes ridiculous don't get a giant oil
drum of this shit at home every morning
they wake up they dump themselves in it
shake themselves off walk out the door
absolutely glistening listening white
guys like me you're walking around no
hat on let's go sailing passing out face
down in the sand speaking of no booze a
man I've been I've been really trying to
clean up my act as far as that booze and
pink ghost just really been laying off
it you know I don't know what his
fucking head gets big if you get older
you know you keep booze and you start
getting that big Alec Baldwin John
Travolta head and you know notice stuff
is every day you're brushing your teeth
and you're seeing your head and just get
a little bit bigger keep drinking and
I'll have another one right then one day
you're gonna take that cell phone
picture and you're just like 6 inches in
front of everybody else don't think it's
a big deal have you leaned in cuz you're
feeling good right then I'll say look at
the pictures like yeah like I got to lay
off this ship somebody trying to learn
huh we're not a fixed shit around the
house
that's what's filling up all this time
not just being sober that's brutal dude
you have no idea how long a year is
until you're Stone sober
oh fucking brutal some learn how to fix
shit right my girlfriend doesn't like it
because she says I have a temper you
know she's like you know it's nothing
you're trying to fix things is that you
get frustrated you punch the wall the
dogs start shaking I just don't think
it's a good idea you know you're a
comedian you should tell jokes see the
plumber he should plumb right trying to
explain to her that losing your shit is
part of the process of fixing something
right everybody does that
you're fine right yeah to find something
that I can you get halfway through
putting it together you like through
what a fuck is a fucking others there's
but honey I didn't see it I didn't see
it why don't you want to put it together
you want to look at you work together
you put together fucking particle board
piece of fucking shit structures make no
sense I will buy another one
I will buy another one I'll buy fucking
five and smash for if I want to tell me
what to do oh go to your mother's I
don't give a shit
[Applause]
but yeah what story gonna tell this one
right not the part of a high pale the
fucking bells right how was that
uncalled for
how was that uncalled for I wasn't even
talking to you I was talking to the
fucking thing I'm talking to the fucking
thing I know what I said I know what I
said okay you don't need to tell me I
know what I said
yes I am working on it I am working on
it all right look look you think want to
be this damn thing gonna be the guy who
flips out about the fucking tables I
don't okay this is who I am this is who
I became all right I'm working through
the shit you have to speak well you do
shit too
okay you do shit - well you look on your
mother's
[Applause]
that's brutal a 10-minute temper man's
fucking embarrassing
you know I don't know I'm sick of women
trying to girl have a date so he's
trying to fix me
it's annoying after a while you know
like you're not out of your mind with
all your fucking shoes alright what is
that all about
I'm sick of this hypothetical perfect
guy go get him go down to Applebee's let
me know what you find
hey Dad I'm working I'm trying you go
down and you get this mr. even-keeled
all the time with his little fucking
sport coat right you live with that guy
for a while you know hey honey I'm home
are well traffic was crazy almost lost
it but they're gonna add that book on
tape all right Gulliver's Travels always
a classic always a classic that's the
guy you want straight across the board
even in the bedroom right always making
love to you missionary style I love you
your hair is like an ocean never know
when you like to be flipped over and
have your face mushed into the pillows
fucking psycho
right
[Applause]
she's right she's always right I do I
gotta work on it I hate having a temper
you know I don't know if it's hereditary
I don't know if it's part of the country
I'm from I've always snapped you know my
dad was like that my dad's the greatest
dude I ever met my life he had a temper
any time anything broke in the house
five minutes into fixing it he was
bitching about his marriage hilarious if
see some bronco Christ with you look at
dad god dammit don't give me that
fucking screwdriver I swear to God on
the fuck ever got married for 13 goddamn
years of this shit I you're a bitch lady
you better fish for years most guys will
left by now most guys want to live by
now
[Applause]
it was one of his catchphrases most guys
would've left by now and you don't know
fucking look you got it lady
[Applause]
yeah when I was a kid I thought it was
nuts then I got older you don't started
dating I realized it's guys make a lot
of boys it's not expressing them in the
healthiest of ways I gotta be honest al
Qaeda I'm kind of like jealous the way
my dad gets to talk to my mom sometimes
you know where are all those old-school
women you can just take your day out on
yeah where do they stop making those
angels who just knew it had nothing to
do with them they just sit there let you
blow out the lines right what a luxury
right to fail all day you come home and
download all your insecurities on this
other person how is your day out of fuck
was your day make a distinction think
these kids away from me give me a
goddamn drink I'll with the tears then
the bra-burning generation came in right
now you sit there and listen to their
stories all the time oh it's the worst
it was the worst is when they're telling
you a story you want to listen but
what's what they're talking about you
can't even retain it so I'm supposed to
go out to lunch with Jennifer I'm
already through that I show up she's
there with Susan she knows I hate Susan
I look like shit Susan's been going to
the gym I mean at that point your head
is like a newborn baby you're on
[Applause]
old enough you can't even if you're
trying to pay attention you can't then
you just start staring at their mouth
after a while like I can't believe it
keeps coming out this is fucking
unbelievable Harry I start to fade not
start thinking about your own life right
but I take Nebraska give it 28 the fuck
is wrong with me
it's Anna Wiggin Ellison her boys go
Hanny it goes up right and it look a
fuck that was a question all right now
what do you do
can't say yes you can't say no you
better come with something neutral in
with the fucking edge oh there you go
what it is you put one foot from the
other end are you have time adjustments
I got nothing I don't want to make my
dad sit out like a psycho man my dad's
the best dude I know man but you know I
understand enough yeah he's like the
exact opposite of me you know I planned
out my life a little more right that's
why I never got married never thought
about getting married it just looked
horrific it looked really difficult it
looked like a lot of them failed then if
you had a kid you have that whole weird
situation right you got this thing that
half looks like you half looks like
somebody used to love and now I want to
slap the shit out of right
kids coming up to the walk he likes I
just look to the right over let me just
stay cheap a dad I want to look at you
[Applause]
brutal but that was the exact opposite
fell in love got married to start having
kids had five kids by the time he was
thirty three preapre pre dr. Phil breed
Chicken Soup for the holy fuck I got
five kids
I mean who I am yet the pressure of that
eating all those kids man I'm telling
you every three four days he we just
snap just snap out of nowhere you know
can you pass the salt is bullshit oh we
slam the door at the car in third gear
by the time they got to the end of the
driveway fuck up my mother would always
do the exact same shit just lock the
door behind him turn around look at the
kids and just be like hey he's just
crazy just a crazy person
what is wrong with him eight hours later
he show up no apology she got dinner
ready she messed it up he give her a
real time price you cook that shit out
of it I think I'll be a good dad no you
know I do
[Applause]
he'll analyze it I don't think I've
actually cut finally come to the point I
won't have a kid and I don't think it's
that hard
I don't part of me really believes that
the other part is I just like pissing
off people with kids you know whatever
you say shit like that all do you have
no idea how difficult it is this is a
great one to say well I mean I got a dog
I mean yeah I'm a Sifu you can't even
fucking compare we cook though yeah I
can I just did and I'll do it again mais
got four legs yours only has two yours
bite someone who gets a timeout
mine gets put down steak some race I
think I know I think I know how to raise
a kid here it is you just you just play
catch with them like that's the big deal
man that's how you raise a kid you play
catch with them you just talk about life
you distract them I throw on the ball
they don't even notice you're filling
their heads up with your theories right
you know to it the old school way to put
away your parents used to sit down
across me you wanna tell me what you day
anybody off you ain't dropped you
learning about sex like you're fucking
freaking me out
I need a pop chart here right hey just
taking the back you play catch with them
let's say talk about life right what's
that son yeah we're not going to church
today fuck that that's all a bunch of
bullshit God's everywhere but I got to
go down there to see him really and he's
mad at me down there I want your money
go fuck yourself
[Applause]
thank you
in here like it's not that it's in here
they try to take it it stands in you do
something good you feel good you do
something bad you feel bad you know
what's like a sociopath and you'll feel
shit now but you got somebody duct-taped
upside down in your apartment you know
if you do something like that I want you
to feel like you can come to me yeah
yeah come to me confess all of that will
go down the precinct will tell them
everything
I'm gonna turn you in this isn't fucking
dexterity at your money feel good serial
killer walking around he kills them the
bad people
listen I know your mother and I we've
been arguing a lot lately alright but I
know you know you know I love her I love
her to death okay
it's weird I love it at death but when I
watch her eat toast I just want to I
just want to choke I know where this
it's like the routine right left in the
middle just watch you just fold in half
and fucking eat it
I mean it's unreal you know that's that
that's when you know you know you met
the right one when you want to slap the
shit out of him
but you don't know you want to leave but
you don't did something about him
you just can't fucking leave right so
don't sell down to you meet one like
that that's that's when you know till
then you know put a condom on you know
just bang as many as you can so you
don't have a midlife crisis that's what
you do don't tell your mother I'm
telling you this shit
oh yeah that's the same flame I don't I
do have a dog that doesn't count for
anything
I've never understood that you know I
love my dog but uh I've learned a lot on
being a dog owner around you know any
dogs a good dog unless you're a psycho
you know I get a pit bull it's still a
great dog unless you're a fucking psycho
and evidently I'm a psycho because my
dog has been up to spend a complete
maniac over the last like six months you
know I didn't realize that dogs feed off
your vibes you know like if you're
chilling there chilling you know if you
are sleeping there sleeping but if
you're a psycho like me and you're
screaming at the ref on TV be like dude
you got to be fucking Chuck Berry I
didn't realize the dog was over in the
corner being like a fucking kid this is
bullshit I don't know what this guy's
mad at but I love this guy this guy
faith faith is it the door are you mad
at the door
yeah I had no idea was amping this dog
up so selfishly in my own world
I'd be like on the computer would crash
and go all really really dogs over in
the corners like a chew toy I never
noticed like that game seven looks she
was getting on her face and one day I
answer up too much had no clue and I
went outside we were just walking down
the street and some poor bastard comes
the other way it dogs like that's that
motherfucker
yeah lunge this guy had to pull a bag I
thought oh sorry man sorry she's never
done anything like that right looking
down the dog what's wrong with you dogs
looking up kneeling huh I got this some
of this tonight I don't do you feed me I
got you how the hell did you see him
that far away man he is must be better
than mine it's unbelievable all right
then I got nervous I got nervous around
my own dog I started thinking fuck a pit
bulls really like this did he just go
psycho man this is nuts right that's
another bad vibe to have around your dog
cuz they pick up on that vibe right this
news comes walking down the street
Amelia's just start thinking like oh
shit she's gonna do it again oh shit oh
shit
dawn just looks at me like oh shit what
bullshit what him
gotta pull it back Jesus by some sorry
looking down the dog dogs trying to
chest-bump me and shit fight it got so
bad one day she own but she almost ate a
landscaper right yeah so I'm like I got
it I gotta take this thing to a trainer
man so I loaded up in the Prius and I
Drive over there right yeah I have a
Prius
go ahead judge me I love that shit you
have a Prius people you know you can't
win you got a truck with a big lift head
people of I'm agin he has a little dick
alright how come a second gears there's
a dick down to the floor maybe that's
why he needs all that clearance right
gal if that means you have a little dick
than if I have a Prius does that mean I
have a huge dick hi cuz according to my
friends it means I'm a fag right anyways
we towel off here for a moment so I
fucking take this dog down to this
trainer right now show up got the dog in
the back train comes out has hat on
backwards and gets tumble you know big
large cargo pants you know all shorts on
and stuff I'm taking this guy's a psycho
right now look at my dog my dogs like
sizing him up for my just perfect he can
handle some guy goes right when you hand
this dog to me make sure you got the
least totally taut like that alright
don't have any slack in it no problem
right and somehow I fucked up I left a
little slack in it this dog just lunge
right at the dudes balls right just
barely missed them and gets got a big
mouthful of his big cargo shorts right
immediately just practicals alright get
out of here get out of here right but
instantly I tried to help out you
supposed to fuck yeah I didn't realize
that the only reason why the dog was
acting like that was because I was there
and it felt like it needed to protect me
so the second I left the situation
immediately just became awkward right
dog was Justin in like okay like I
thought oh you like together and we were
like friends and you with some bad guy
and all of a sudden just go away and I
gotta feed myself
you only get friends
yeah come back four days later dogs lain
at the guys feet right he's robbing her
belly she's reaching up playing with his
goatee and shit he goes right hey rabbit
have a seat
why don't you wear when she want to take
me through your dad with this dog
immediately I started getting like this
first 48 5 right like they're coming at
me so I got like defensive like oh you
leave I take it for a hike every morning
because that's good that's good anything
you know special happen on the hike like
well you know general she takes a shit I
pick it up say all right easy
you play any games with or I go yeah at
the end of the hike I let her I let her
you know for reward for going on the
hike I let her run up the stairs by
herself I got one Cleo I went around the
stairs and I count five 1000 and then I
run up there then we start wrestling her
in a headlock sweep the front legs
alright but a tails Waggin you know
she's my prowling I go that's a good
thing right
he's like no it's fucking horrible I'm
like why he goes you just taught your
dog to claim the house and then fight
for it every fucking day after the hike
no wonder this safes trying to attack
the mailman you know so then I gots a
mic wait a minute you're telling me like
I can't even play with my dog he's like
no you can play with it but you got to
bring that energy back down problem is
as you keep amping this thing up getting
it mike singletary look on his face and
by the time you walk out doesn't matter
if you're relaxed mentally the dog is
like walking through the tunnel at the
Rose Bowl like this is what we play for
somebody hit somebody death so I'm
actually learning to control my temper
because of a fucking pit bull so I don't
know my girl's been bugging me lately
she's ready to settle down I think I'm
ready to settle down too you know I got
the one I know I've been saying this
shit for years I have it you know she's
great the only thing I don't like is she
gosh she's really into reality TV she
watches all those dumb shows put 10
whores in a house somebody tries to find
a wife right she watches fat people cry
about fun chuckles blubbering their eyes
are some Tyson on you and open the
wrapper I'm just starting I can tell you
mistaken and I should start cuz it's
made out of one
just sit crying right along with them
yeah throw yourself in the river you're
fat fuck I should get so mad at me look
I don't put on TV to cry I like to be
entertained I love when they fall on the
treadmill and go flying into the drywall
like some modern-day medieval weapon I
love it all those horrific show's
biggest fights we have she watches I
intervention doesn't know that yeah
that's energy like that oh my god it's
so awesome watching a family completely
fall apart
[Applause]
what is entertaining about that when
they had that classic before picture the
pre mess picture she was so beautiful
she was the prom queen everybody loved
her and they cut you were like laying in
like a gutter I'll suck it dick I'll
fuck you dick I'll fuck you dick now we
have these huge battles you know what
the matter she of agony was what time
she was watching this show was like a
poor excuse for the view they started
talking about domestic violence right
for the nine millionth time this year
they're talking about domestic violence
just in case you know you didn't get the
memo
you know evidently you know just some
people didn't get it it's not okay to
slam your wife's head into the cupboard
drawers because she didn't drive a can
opener off properly
now it's gonna fucking rust right how do
you not know not to do that shit they
really have to keep talking about it who
is like wife beaters watching fuck now I
get it up - Daisy sweetheart here we go
Oh at the end of the hour they come to
the logical conclusion feel like there
is no reason to hit a woman there's no
reason to hit a woman and I was just
like really I could give you like 17
right off the top of my head you can
wake me from a drunken stupor I could
still give you like 9 whoo there's
plenty of reasons to hit a woman you
just don't do it
but the cetera suggests that there's no
reason through the level of ego behind
that statement are you ever tating above
the rest of us
you're never annoying women how many
times have you thought about slapping up
your fucking guy in the head this week
[Applause]
there you go everything he didn't do it
right
Oh trust me nuts is there anything
there's no reason really no reason how
about this you marry a girl you fall in
love you buy her house you go to work
every day paying off the house you come
home one day she's banging the next-door
neighbour hand you divorce papers you're
gonna move out sleep on a futon and
still pay for that house that she's
gonna stay in no reason I'm not saying
you should do it but there's plenty of
fucking reason and then arc of a story
all right that was a hypothetical you
want an actual story I'll give you one
I'll give you one hi fuck top my foot
playing Trump's trying to get my bass
drum footage fastest out John Bonham's
cuz I figure that's a good thing to
focus on 43 years of age never married
no kids I figure this this is gonna lead
me to the light right this is what I
need to do so I don't know what I did I
felt like after Y place like an hour
afterwards I felt like a lily like there
was some midget stabbing me in the
bottom my foot right look at the
lightning come out of the bottom my foot
so I did the typical guy thing like I'm
not going to the hospital sleep it off
be fine right next war I wake up my
foots even worse I gotta walk my crazy
dog it's not like I can't tell my foots
killing me so wake up my girl go kita
sweet give me a favor can you a favor
kicking you off the boat for me can you
uh just take the shift you know I'll do
your afternoon shift you just do me a
solid you do this for me and she's like
you know I had a late like night last
night I'm tired I have a big day I just
go fuck it
she goes what do you mean fucking it's
like why can't you just say no what he
was gonna like waterboard me with like a
20 minute explanation that eventually
finds its way around - go fuck yourself
just say no I'm just limping out of the
room whatever go back to bed you got a
big day right
now I'm like limping down the street I
got like correct fucking bullshit
dogs walking next to me I gotta admit I
got a little childish I did I got a
little challenge you know I'm just
thinking about my relationship and like
this this is the relationship I'm in you
just gonna do whatever the hell you want
to do right and fuck me but I'm gonna do
whatever hell I want to do I feel like
listen to my ipod on full blast
walking around the house that's what I'm
gonna do that's why I did turned it all
the way up and I just like my whole plan
is to walk buyer like I didn't even know
her that was it she came down the hall I
just go stood her just walked right past
her just trying to piss her off
I gotta tell you something worked like a
charm worked like a charm
yeah hung my coat up turned around by
the time I turn around she's already
yelling at me but the music was so loud
not only could I not hear it actually
looked like she was singing the song
that I was listening to oh what a
highlights to the relationship I knew
what you sins like whatever I don't want
to talk about it leave me alone I'm
going onto the computer right so I left
over I sit down and I'm but notes to me
she's like now we're gonna talk about
this right now
comes up ooh and slaps the headphones
off my head I got a big I got big ears
fucking heart so like honey leave me
alone I don't want to talk about it put
the headphones back on she comes right
back up again who slaps them up a little
harder this time they spent halfway
around my head caveman DNA starts coming
up talking through my teeth honey leave
me alone
don't want to talk about it right put
him on third times comes up
Putin slaps up right across the room and
I snap like fine you want to have a
fight let's fucking have the fight she's
like we will discuss this later when you
calm down
oh right there
I just wanted to roll her up on her yoga
mat stuffer behind a couch just leave
her there till she got thirsty come on
let me out of here I have a spin class
you made your point this is ridiculous
no that's the thing really is that's the
thing I hate that saying there's no
reason obviously I'm not saying they hit
a woman you know but saying there's no
reason that's it that's crazy when you
say there's no reason that kills any
sort of examination as to how two people
ended up at that at that place you say
there's no reason you cut out the
build-up you just left with the act how
are you gonna solve it if you don't
figure it out
look how awkward it is in here right now
I said you shouldn't hit a woman I'm
just saying how come you can't ask
questions you can only ask questions
about what the guy did you can never ask
about the woman why you said why is that
what is that what is what is answering
write me what does that make are you the
idiot who got up halfway through the
special grade event and you're like
walking around
fucking had to ignore all of that and
now you're going to like yell out and
not only that yells something that makes
no fucking sense whatsoever answer hand
at their hand every fucking specialized
though there's always one oh it's right
down the fucking middle talk about
hitting women sweetheart they think you
just added another reason ship with her
and she's open
[Applause]
look I understand hittin woman's a bad
thing okay
well yeah how come you can't fucking ask
questions I just don't understand like
I'm I got bit by a rattlesnake wouldn't
you guys have some questions right how
did it happen
did you not see it where you fuckin with
it how did this snake is so bad and
almost killed you
firemen put on a fire they don't just
drive away afterwards they skip through
the debris how did it start isn't only
red right well I realize I'm coming off
pretty ignorant right about now I
realize that let me extend an olive
branch son okay I realize that there's
some animal guys out there okay horrible
guys you know have a rough day at the
factory come home tuna casserole and
just start swinging alright
I'm not trying to say that those people
don't exist I realize they exist they
should be buried underneath the prison
okay so if I can admit that ladies can
you at least admit that every
ass-kicking doesn't just fall out of the
fucking sky
really even lucky has two minutes for
instigating Hey they understand that
some back and forth happened before that
shit you know the ordinance is every
case is handled like that Rihanna won
well they just say the guy's a piece of
shit fuck this guy bottle-blonde cinema
gentleman they never ask anything about
that you know I'm not saying he should
have done it
but I'm just saying say it know in your
heart of hearts what do you think was
going down before that happened you
think she was just sitting there going
oh my god master Rubens you want to get
some ice cream
oh well maybe they were having some epic
ending a relationship freak but some
crazy shit was being said maybe she was
screaming in his ear some crazy female
shit I got fuck all your friends I don't
give a fuck
maybe that's why I sell my albums and
you motherfucker
to be fair she could have just been
sitting there going I need a tissue you
keep those in the glove box no fuck that
cuz you know this they never address how
women argue which i think is a core of a
lot of that shit you know I got ice up
the man like I never knew how women
argued but after 20 years of losing
every significant battle in a
relationship I finally figured out how
they argued I might tell you something
I'm sorry to turn this franchise around
I had begun a winning tradition this is
all they argue as far as I can tell all
right if they're right they argue the
point and they stay on point and make
sure you stay on point until you're down
on your knees apologizing begging for
forgiveness all right no problem with
that totally respected there's a thing
if they're wrong they go rogue they go
off-road they start thinking of shit
you're sensitive about maybe you don't
get along with your dad and in their
head they can start concocting this evil
statement totally design this desperate
hail-mary attempt to make you so fucking
mad you just call him a cunt
what it is and cut trumps all the
bullshit naked discuss the argument now
it's not about that one of the reasons I
call me a cunt and then that's it you're
in this room now right
my brown-nose my big thing is my big
fear in life is to be that dude who
grows old
you know girls old alone has like that
basement apartment just screaming up at
the younger couple turn it down so I
notice that in time she was losing a
fight I don't know where she's been ice
might just get it girls and be alone
alright move my shit next day no I'm in
the kitchen washing dishes for the nice
fucking time in a row
this is what the argument was about I
was so right what happened
so if you learn anything from my
ignorance tonight just know this next
time you're in a battle with your
beautiful woman your wife girlfriend
whatever and they start out of nowhere
okay you're winning and they just start
saying that crazy shit out of nowhere
just know in that moment you've won the
fight okay
all right don't get mad Bob and we'd
slit all of that shit maybe because you
got a little dick just let that slide
stay in the pocket of the argument okay
it's over the argument is over you've
won just taken me and run out the clock
all right yes do it on the ropes little
punch themselves out and then it even
gets all this psychology right back at
him well maybe we should discuss it
later when you calm down
[Applause]
and they won't hook up with you for a
couple of days who cares who cares you
rub one out rub one out like a man -
champagne a victory how sadler I finally
learned to like keep my cool in my
relationship happened a couple years ago
right me and my girl had this big
argument one day right actually you know
you guys want to hear something on here
the about the time my girl punched me in
the face on her birthday money you dumb
one this is what happened
sweet but really honest the fight
started like three months earlier second
middle of March we're just driving
around enough since she sees this
clothing store she's like oh my god I
didn't know they had one of those over
here we need to stop and go in there so
I fucking let's go in there I walk in
immediately I see it's one of these
stores that doesn't have any chairs I
know what they're trying to UM be
standing right next to her when she
likes something I gotta buy it I don't
give a fuck I'm not playing that I go
over and I sit down underneath a
mannequin got like the dress hanging in
my head sir you can't sit there I don't
give a fuck looks like I'm doing it
looks like I'm doing it hi
[Applause]
so unbeknownst to me she finds some
sweater that she likes right some
ridiculously price like 400 bucks or
some shit like that right so she knows
it's not her birthday no that crap she
can't ask me for it now she's got to go
into manipulation mode what do I use
what do I use do I'd be sad wipeout do I
use sex can't do that you know what she
went what she went with the little girl
right she just came out she's just like
[Applause]
Mike what's up she's like saw something
that I liked I just want to be like one
why don't you fucking pay for
but she goes over and she shows it to me
right now like it's 40 bucks she goes
can you get it I go no not doing that
fuck that such a birthday stuff
Valentine's Day it's March like it
you're not the Saint Patrick's take fuck
out of here
I'm not doing it so I want to happen
we're driving home it somehow she
manipulated the argument not that she
asked for the sweater and not that I
said no it was the way I said no right
but in this huge argument got so mad by
the time I got back to the house
I just told to get out I'm driving away
so I just drove away in the priests
right so so fucked up about I had to
call my sister up right call her up to
get a female perspective she's laughing
around cell phone you took all the bank
you're an idiot I go what do I do
she doesn't watch you go back down to
the store just buy the sweater hold on
to it you give it to a few months later
for her birthday I'm like fucking genius
genius I hate the pressure of the
birthday all her friends yeah why you
get now are you gonna get her fucking
sweater bitch BAM that's it nice I fast
forward three months it's her birthday
right they don't lane at best she wakes
up she want to go to some restaurant
that night she's like did you make the
reservations oh my god made him yet but
what you know will be good right she
starts freaking out hey my Brecon but do
you need evening you didn't make the
reservations I'm like sweethearts a
Tuesday in the middle of a recession I'm
sure there's gonna be a table right so
she starts freaking out in the back of
my head I'm like I got this sweater I'm
good
right so the more she yells at me the
funnier it becomes to me but like an
asshole rather than laughing to myself I
sort of snicker out loud right sort of
giggled a couple times and she just
snapped like are you laughing at me hey
you imagine me on my birthday and then
the more she yelled the more I laughed
the more I laughed and more she yelled
it was just this vicious fucking thing
all the way up right till she got all
the way the point she was standing at
the back door gone you're gonna laugh at
me at my birthday fuck you boom slams
the door once down the stairs at that
point I'm literally in the fetal
position by dying
happened walking towards the bathroom
they all sign here books came back up
the stairs I'm not gonna lie to you I
got a little scared for a second
my dad was in my underwear was feeling
vulnerable she comes flying into the
bathroom and the second I saw her face I
knew she was gonna hit me right and I'm
such an asshole
I actually have a game plan when a
woman's gonna hit you but that's how
many women I've pissed off in my
lifetime I actually know what's going
down but so it is most women their
flavors all right less they had some
sort of MMA training then you're on your
own you're probably going to catch a few
right but most of the flavors most of
right hands you got to guess overhand
right that's the first thing you got to
guess you get down the pocket right that
overhand right comes in bang you catch
that risk
second the rice coming you know the left
coming man you catch that one this is a
crucial moment second you got the right
the next then you got the left
immediately you got to step back and you
got to go like this she's gonna try to
kick you right in the balls and she
kicks you then you spin him around tuck
your head down low because they will try
to headbutt you then he is just the way
to your torso to slowly bring him down
to the floor as you wish for sweet
things oh look at the tiles remember you
pick goes out it goes so well with the
wallpaper right
but she tricked me she came into the
bathrooms you see invented this new
punch she didn't throw right she didn't
throw a left she came up this two-fisted
I called the light that the frig you
later right caught me in the shoulder
like in my appendix it's a fucking plan
like that I was flying back into the
bathtub when I caught myself and she's
all ready for me to take the bait and
flip out I didn't I just remained calm
was just a sweetheart I think you need
to go to work now
she's know what to do she just walked up
I went down the car drove to work I
walked out in the kitchen I got some
Cheerios sat down started watching
SportsCenter fucking three minutes later
also the phone rings might pick up the
phone and just hear her gone
hi okay thinks that a little crazy
a little crazy gonna split my head open
oh god dance club I'm sorry I'm just um
yeah I'm passionate I'm Pat that's what
they say when they start swinging I'm
passionate I just have so much love for
you I try to cause you to have a seizure
I'm good at this I fuck up my personal
life all the time I really do you know
I'm afraid to get married man why would
why wouldn't is and what man wouldn't be
afraid to get married at this point you
know look at Cokie look at the shit he's
going through right now
right guys getting a divorce
what's gonna get seventy million bucks
never hit a lamp in her life
could anybody explain these divorce
settlements can anybody make sense of
these fucking thing Tiger Woods wife
two hundred fifty million dollars she's
a babysitter for the quarter of a
billion fucking dollars somebody go
ahead somebody explain justify it
justify what when you cheated on her I
don't give a fuck yeah I don't give a
fuck he cheated on her great the
relationships over right there
Kobe cheated right shouldn't I ship that
over right then
when did she hang around like some jaded
cop for three years trying to get a
fucking pension alright get that ten
years in I don't know maybe that's too
harsh this shit bothers me man dude
there is an epidemic of gold-digging
whores in this country and every night I
put on the news and I'm waiting for
someone to address it every night never
see it you know every night I bring up
gold-digging whores and the whole crowd
pulls back like I'm up here talking
about Bigfoot all right
like I'm saying the moon's made out of
cheese or something talking about horse
people they're everywhere
how many how many more great men are
gonna get chopped in half before we do
something
why is it so quiet in here ah damn I
don't get it what is it is women do you
think I'm calling you I'm gonna call any
woman here a whore okay so don't pull
back that's not fair
okay if you're grown up wifebeaters I
wouldn't like pull back I get it
this guy's hitting women they need to be
stopped
we got understand that gold-digging
whores are the wifebeaters for men yeah
they are except we don't have that
Rianna want the photo in the end so it's
not obvious in the eyes then the lines
in your face it's in Mel Gibson's
high-pitched voice on the answering
machine I had to give up my leg or
tickets right then it's the sound of a
man being taken for everything he's got
I gotta tell you this I'm envious of
women okay not saying your problems get
solved but at least it taken seriously
you know pick me that 1-800 numbers you
get yet yet ribbons there's groups
people give a shit
anything happens to a guy's just
considered funny some woman cut a
husband's dick off threw in the garbage
disposal turn it on people thought it
was hilarious there and hey stupid
nobody cares
another guy removed a woman's titty and
throw in the dryer anybody would be
joking about the next day the entire
country we're trying to a halt would be
a moment of silence the NFL would have
some special colored headband everybody
had to wear for an entire month the most
of feminine color they could possibly
come up with all my heroes going down
Arnold Schwarzenegger another great man
nuther Kreitman taken down by that
gold-digging whore of a man he's got and
I'm not I'm not saying he's not a piece
of shit for doing what he did it was a
piece of shit move but how come only he
got chastised what about the mate why
would she called the maid than that
entire story she was never called a
whore ever just boggles my mind she knew
his wife first-name basis played with
their kids fucked her husband in their
own goddamn bed that's right down the
checklist first-ballot Hall of Fame
whore right there
never why do you think she hooked up
with them because of that 1987 flattop
he's still rockin changed space between
his teeth I can put this my car through
baby it's all like kindergarten caught
money later on the goddamn bedroom
that's awful
it's a horrific thing to see is a guy
watching guys go through that shit you
know
and then there's no there's no sort of
examination of it they disguise an idiot
a stupid that guy's stupid if that guy's
stupid what the fuck am i right this
even makes sense why would you do that
why would you accomplish all that and
then fuck it up hooking up with one of
the ugliest human beings I've ever seen
in my life not saying him a prize I'm
just saying you know it's gotta be
something beyond that right you know I
think it is I think comes down to the
way he talks you know wow guys guys that
don't should be unloading trucks in
Transylvania that should be they should
have been the height of his success but
because he's a great man he had the
balls to move to America became famous
for lifting weights I lift weights
nobody gives a shit
Heelys wait Oh become super famous did
he rest on his laurels no next challenge
I'm gonna become an actor despite the
fact nobody can really understand me
against all odds he starts making movies
get down
there's a bomb get out of there because
one of the biggest blockbuster stars of
all time what are you gonna do next
Arnie I think I'm barely a Kennedy
there's no fucking way you can do that
baby does it cherry on top I'm running
for governor of a state I can't even
pronounce and he wins the election why
wouldn't this guy think he couldn't bang
his maid in his own bed
and get away with this this dude has
been in the zone for over four decades
for decades nothing but Nick
I made in my own bed too that's a lamp
you serious I had a hit for you with the
midget I don't even need a condom right
and then what happens to smoke clears
then all these trolls come out of the
woodwork and start judging this great
man
all these fatties these fucking old guys
who never got any with their child
coming on TV absolutely
we reprehensible behavior what time of a
public servant is Levicy good like they
have any idea what it's like to be
tempted at that level right like they
have groupies as they waddle out to them
mercury tracer parked on the other side
of a dumpster really you're beating them
off this guy he's got a great man any
more terminator doesn't count I said
what the fuck he telling me cuz he
fucked Alice really he's still in a
great man because he did that and that's
the whole thing's over anybody here
think they could move to Austria learn
the language become famous for working
out then be a movie star then marry into
their royalty in a whole public office
how many lifetimes would you need I'm on
my third attempt at rosetta stone
Spanish right how can I judge these guys
I can barely handle the temptations of
Facebook I'm a judge Tiger Woods I don't
mind a walk off the 18th hole there's a
busload of Scandinavian women way to
fuck my brains out sorry ladies go along
to the wood right that kills me and
there's no help out there for guys there
isn't there's nothing out there to help
you handle becoming rich and famous
there's nothing to prepare you for that
for that platoon of whores that's gonna
form on horizon right like Braveheart
faces painted skirts off run down the
hill to jump on your deck in front of
your wife they don't give a shit
it's not even a handbook out there I saw
one article written about it on time the
cover of Time magazine is that one is so
many rich famous and powerful men act
like absolute pigs right and the article
is actually written by a woman that's
like me writing a book the third
trimester and what to expect ladies
you're gonna feel a pressure I know what
I know you don't to hear that from me
right then why is this woman telling me
what it's like to have a dick
it makes no sense you have no idea what
it's like to have a dick 24/7 do it do
it
fuck it do it that's what it's safe do
it do it yeah do it
I thought we survived as a species a man
in here is programmed to fuck 85% of the
women in this room right yeah we are
doing good fucking do it
no it's just that you won't that's the
only reason why we don't you know that's
not you keeping your dick in check you
know some guy at Home Depot working
there he wants to fuck just as many
women as a celebrity right but he can't
do it because whores don't care about
lumber right
with the second he hits the fucking
lottery all the Sun you know that do it
do it fucking do it you know that wasn't
affecting his life now else on these
horse show I'll do it I'll suck it I'll
do it right now summers good somebody's
got to step up all right I'm ready to
blame it horse really just guys were
fucking idiots what are we doing why are
we working so hard and then giving it
all the way to some chicken did three
shifts at a fucking hooters you know the
fucking bums sitting there with fucking
Dorito dust in their cleavage walking
around with hundreds of millions of
dollars I'm sick of this yeah that's
what the law says hundred years ago I
could beat you with a fucking mop handle
good fuck the law says let's make us
right now it's unreal and all this
shit's going down and we don't wait
we're not doing anything what are we
doing same old shit
sitting around watching Shark Week
alright watch a shit about poisonous
snakes half a world away just filling
your head up with all these useless
information what to do if it comes
face-to-face with a Bengal tiger don't
look at it don't look away slowly back
up as you push your friend forward right
oh this useless information yet hang it
between your legs is this thing that
could crumble your entire employer seven
minutes or less don't know a fucking
thing about it even worse you think it's
your friend yeah you know why get your
dick your dicks like a dreamer you know
your dick believes it's like a
motivational speaker I don't give a shit
what question you ask it it's always
like yeah yeah absolutely
sounds like a plan exit strategy later
we'll be fine
where's your dick when you get caught
right then it's just slumped over those
that I do we have to know that dude you
did your dick was a third-base coach it
wouldn't hold anybody up it's the
fucking waving people around everybody
who ain't standing up you got it you got
it
I'll show you she comes slides right
what are you guys we're awesome thank
you so much for coming thank you