all right thank you
sale
so no we're going to built
all right thank you thank you thank you
very much thanks a lot
okay thank you thank you Jesus Christ
give us some free tickets everybody
shows up huh he's like this guy fucking
rocks man
three tickets I like this guy all right
well it's uh it's good to be here man
nice be back down here in New York I
didn't do shit today I didn't lose her
man you sat around watching TV and all
the type of stuff and what a something
man you know what I'm sick of pedophiles
yeah sex offenders dude they're on every
channel
everybody is doing something on sex
offenders you know it's like dude I got
it there's people out there touching
kids you know but it's not everybody
it's a very small portion of the
population so you know take it down a
few cuz you're making it fucking awkward
out there dude you can't say hi to kids
anymore I love kids I love kids
I like making faces at him on the
airplane making them last now parent so
I said sex offender Lisa cuddly Nick
making me feel like a freak you know I'm
terrified of kids now remember back in
the day when a kid would come walking up
to you you can pat him on the head
hey rusty how you doing right now what
kid comes walking up and like do get
that thing the fuck away from me
they're wasting Siri to is erasing and
rapine not around just terrified
spirit get that thing away from me the
FBI or that's a catch a predator guy to
come walking out like what are you doing
here sit in
let's show to catch a predator man that
is horrible PR for white people huh
Jesus Christ can they move that show to
an urban area every once in a while just
touch a couple of our Kelly's peeing on
some kids you know just balance it out a
little bit
it's like this every dude walking in
that house got to look like me oh you're
gonna fucking anger on how many son
believable everybody is talking about
pedophiles and all that type of stuff I
don't know maybe there's more of them
nowadays it's like easier now cuz the
Internet you know you know cuz back in
the day he had to work for it right you
know you had to get an ice-cream truck
in like the budget zone got to figure
out when the kids got out of school you
pick a straggler you know
now you just draw on the internet it
just Google WWE euro these parents are
falling asleep you know you're in there
now it's unreal
once I send you saw a kid riding a
bicycle down the street you're never
gonna see that shit again you never see
him playing outside him two parents just
have him inside now man they just feed
them and feed them you know he's making
them fatter and fatter trying to make
them unfuckable that's why you see all
these for 250 count 8 euros just the one
house we can't get that kid Makar
I'm serious pedophiles in general
they're very skinny people they gotta
start chalking up their forearm to
fucking blowing out their back
it's just a theory people
honestly don't take this shit too
seriously you really think that is do
you think that that's why this I don't
know rented that movie uh pride recently
if you guys seen that movie let me see
that
it's about the first all-black swim team
and the difficulties they had to go
through being the first all-black swim
team
I made your question how many of those
white people are evil movies are they
gonna make it's like it's all the way
down to swimming you know I'm starting
to run out of white kilts you know
don'ts like those movies they started
off unbelievable start off with roots
right white guilt was at an all-time
high I could barely even watch it I'm
like dude I got it my ancestors evil
okay please please turn the channel dude
please turn the channel
they still hit them fought during the
chain this is gonna be on all week Jesus
Christ from the ching penny 80s there
was like a football movie then like cuba
gooding want to be like a scuba diver
remember that shit and now it's all the
way down to swimming and I gotta admit I
don't think I give a fuck no I'm not
trying to be a dick but it's a
recreational activity plus I've been in
pools there's been black people in the
pool you know I never saw any white guy
like trying to like fucking like prevent
people from getting into the pool it's
like I just like making this shit up
I'm not I'm not being a dick here either
okay just to clarify you know I just
wanted anybody coming up to me after the
show like you know I was thinking it and
then you fucking said it Nick I'm not
saying that I don't think Jack shit
people should be loud put on some
speedos and go for a dip I'm not saying
that shit I'm just saying these movies
he's like the characters aren't even
believable like they always have to have
like that though the over-the-top
uninhibited white racist character you
know you know that guy he's a guy like
he's supposed to represent all the white
evil
you know he's like the dude they always
have like screaming during the movie
trailer they'll be like they were the
first all-black swim team
like a big vein in his forehead this
screaming shit look not even looking
around you know
dudas ridiculous real racism is quiet
it's subtle people look around first
make sure that you know that make sure
the coast is clear
this disclaimers like dude you know I'm
not racist but these insert group name
followed by fucked-up conversation right
that's how it goes down that's just some
guy just standing up there they pull you
approve of this I work at the bank can I
be fired immediately please I'm just
saying can you just make the shit like
believable you know the honest thing is
is those movies they're starting to give
me a complex you know cuz any time they
do a movie about a group of people that
thinks dumb shit about another group of
people it's always like white dudes so
it's like a white dudes the only ones
who think ignorant shit about other
people you know no Mexican guy ever
walked up to somebody from India like
dude what the fuck is that
Zelly is he fuck you what is fight to
Zeeland was walking around while you
guys Tony cow you bunch of fags
then why are you wearing sandals sandals
guessing back
now I'm just saying you know just
balance the movies out a little bit like
just have some of the evil shit that
black people say about white people you
know one when we're not around you know
like like what are some good examples
you know I mean you're hanging out had a
rough day you know what are some of the
classics you know what smell like wet
dogs right got headlights or something
like that right just just slip some of
that shit in there
get out of the pool wash your hand while
the fucker fringes make it seem a little
more dude I'm just saying it's all the
way down to swim in a movie where the
fuck do you go from there
we do like ping-pong they were the first
all-black ping-pong team they're gonna
fill the paddles
my daughter's not playing ping-pong
you got to go out there and show the
white man your baby ping-pong
no I'm not I'm not saying now oh so he's
just weird bringing this shit up but no
I'm not saying white people aren't evil
either cuz I know where you I got they
Deva let me go I guess I can feel it
that's why I try to suppress it I tried
to dress casual you know I mean I'm
serious man I tried a suit on the other
day I felt it coming up like fuck man I
want to take over some shit right
don't start telling people what to do
under the blue Tulelake flaming on my
secretary you know
dude I like those movies when they make
black and white people get along man
even those ones seem ridiculous you know
cuz I always has to be like some sort of
lesson and those movies just like you
know I never looked at it that way it's
like that never happens you know any
time I've ever hung out with the black
dude at no point during the evening is
he like try to like teach me how to
dance you know you know that interracial
Footloose moment they always have to
have in those movies and I never go to
his neighborhood and like try to like
save a school you know how many times
are they gonna make that movie you know
that movie the white person goes into
the projects they just have to make a
difference
you know they just made that movie again
what that was at Hilary Swank it's like
did you even need to go see it it's like
let me guess she shows up and they don't
accept her right then she goes home she
cries to her feminine boyfriend he's
wearing sweatpants and he's cooking
something for some reason right
and he convinces her he convinces her to
give it one more chance right then she
goes back down there she starts drawing
out their inner beauty next scene oh
they put a do-rag on her she starts
fucking dancing and it's just
embarrassing for all races involved for
the love of God stop making that fucking
movie do the amount of times they made
that movie I would think I would know
somebody white who actually did that
shit you know yeah that's my guy says
ghettos
that's what he does yeah
sit around and watch SportsCenter you
know he's in the projects every weekend
writing his name on the blackboard my
name's mr. Michael all right who threw
that who threw that
just annoying after a while you know and
it always fucking works out - any time
the white person goes down there I want
to make that I want to see a movie where
it doesn't work out like the white dude
goes down to the first day just gets the
shit kicked out of them vanilla just
leave it all negative you can't fucking
help these people you know run down
there you're trying to do something nice
I couldn't get a goddamn word it it's a
training all prescription so he's
something I saw the other day I've not
seen in a long time you know what I saw
I saw balls on a dog
hey remember that shit dude I have not
seen that since like the late 90s I was
always sitting there looking like I
remember that shit dodge used to have
balls and remember that O'Banion hit
your friend look at his balls you know
when everybody would laugh
no but somewhere along the line it
became socially acceptable to cut your
dog's balls off whether there's anything
wrong with them or not under the whole
fear of my boob we don't do it he's
gonna fuck another dog they're gonna
make more dogs than what are we gonna do
it all these dog
they're not gonna have Paul what are we
gonna do I love that shit what are we
gonna do it's like through their animals
just let him go I'll be fine they got
fangs they got claws they'll form packs
you know they'll help with the obesity
problem in this country you know we come
stumbling out of a cheesecake factory
just like I heard of fucking Rottweilers
running it I'm gonna run to your SUV
dives in coops a Hazzard style right now
I'm Pro dog balls
I am Cana dunes anything wrong with it
Daksh be able you know fuck who we wants
doing it's ridiculous
no I want to get a dog I want to get
Doug and Dinah get a dog and a meal with
my girls immediately while we have to
get it from getting a job we have to get
fixed I'm like why do we have to get it
fixed why yeah I see you supposed to do
uh-huh
I like well you're not a veterinary and
she's like when they they are you great
then it's a stalemate neither one of us
knows what the fuck we're talking about
so let's not start cutting anything off
the animal right so of course she's a
female she's got to go out and prove me
wrong goes out gets a book okay yes see
it says right here um you get you dog
fists she's less like to be aggressive
huh
okay okay no I'll listen god you're such
an asshole just look Lenny said he's
less likely to rip up the furniture huh
yes dancing you know it's just like
sweetheart when we were a kid we had a
family dog all right he had his balls
okay yeah sure occasionally he humped
your leg you know but generally speaking
he just laid around he begged for food
you came home he's excited but he wasn't
wearing a raincoat like jerking off or
something
see look for 15 years without incident
with it falls you know no sexual
harassment nothing no I think I think
it's I think it's weird how like human
beings were trying to control the
population animals you know like anytime
the deer population gets out of control
some do but literally get on TV and be
like alright deer population is up to
about 17 18 hundred realistically we
need to get that number down about five
six of them all right start them off you
got a gun fucking sure one in the fight
I'm just sitting at home like what are
they they're doing that's so bad for the
environment you know we can eat all the
fucking grass coming up to trees just
nibbling just nibble it though the deer
didn't put a hole in the ozone layer all
right that's not a bunch of dogs
clogging up the freeway since us right
we can fucked all we want no one's gonna
stop you get out you can have 15 kids
have a sixteenth on the way no one's
gonna get on TV and be like alright Paul
is still fuckin starting off you got a
gun fuck the tuna man
do what you gotta do these guys he's got
it control
you can just keep banging away you can
just keep banging away making one
useless mediocre not gonna invent shit
kid after another I don't understand
people like that so don't you realize
after your third loser kid you don't
have the DNA to make somebody special
like what are you doing are you doing
you're just making more in the way
people just walking around looking up at
shit you're trying to get down the
sidewalk you know you know that do
whenever you going to the deli there's
always that guy in front of you doesn't
know what he wants what kind of what
kind of burgers acts like dude stop
making that fucking guy Jesus Christ
that dude that dude is everywhere that's
why I love all people I love all people
that was what their family photos cracks
me up
it was right we're all proud like well
we had five kids and then they all had
five and the doctor so I can none get
that shit I don't recognize anybody in
that photo you just made thirty people
who are all taking a shit every day that
ends up in a river
that's not a family photo it's an
environmental disaster and you framed it
no that's my solution for global warming
everybody's talking about cars and oil
that doesn't matter it's just too many
people you know it's too many people
doing it she says you know you want to
help the environment just stop fucking
right I'm not saying stop fucking but
you know pull out you can still have
your fun right you got to stop looking
at babies like these cute things all
right they're not they aren't they are
cute but most of them just gonna grow up
that's gonna end up being those shithead
and like an SUV that doesn't pull out
far enough into the intersection right
now you gotta wait a whole nother light
to make a left and you just sitting
there losing your shit screaming at your
windshield with this dude who didn't
need to exist take there's no reason for
that guy he's
I don't know that's my plan did she just
make babies illegal flight the next like
25 30 years right that'd be great
think about somebody's born three people
born every second to one person dying
right see if you're not making any
buddies like bamps let me just died
right
so we just fell down some stairs
somebody just tripped over a skateboard
right and you know what fucking lanes
just opening up on the highway right you
know you get to work a little sooner
you're in a better mood dude you get it
down to like 30,000 people 32,000 people
be the shit
alright Superbowl comes around everybody
can go everybody can go 22 when you get
to play the odds of you making it in the
NFL it's ridiculous don't even if you
suck you could still leave a block on
punch you'd be like a wedge breaker
maybe that guy holding the first down
marker you wouldn't have to recycle
there was 30,000 people man yeah
everybody here's you could literally
drive your own tank you drive a tank you
can throw toxic waste out the top you
could shoot a bald eagle right in the
head there's plenty of it liddie up dude
is shitting all over my tank fuck my
supposed to do
look people I don't read okay seriously
none of my shit is researched you know
then all the bullshit I'm talking up
here I think I'm onto something with
this you know
it's like I'm eliminating people but
like no one has to die that's it you
stop making do I gonna end up like China
they got an over billion people just
just jam-packed everything is like the
subway if we just stand there you can't
even fall asleep enough shit sigh but
the hand just jam-packed you never think
about that shit just standing I'm gonna
be sitting there first of all how easy
is it to get away with the crime over in
China you know first of all you pick
somebody's pocket you know you don't
have to run away just fucking weave your
way back in the crowd stand over here
guys standing I do so we just took my
wallet that is right over there
he's right over he's right there so he's
got black hair he's five foot five he's
pressed like he's in Reservoir Dogs he's
right over there
that's why what's where we're gonna be
headed
how many more strip malls can you make
place to get Donuts and people to get
their nails done everybody's all excited
to this area's really exploding please
Bodi it's like no dude people are
fucking and then they're just building
more shit
I don't know I getting my act together
man I'm really yeah really the critical
point my life you know I am I'm serious
I'm a fucking psycho man I realized this
about myself thinking oh I'm not married
you know and I'm really getting to that
critical age where you know pretty soon
I'm just you know I got to pick a street
be them that I'm gonna get married you
know I'm just gonna being that creepy
old guys hanging out at a bar you know
red chest hair hanging out no seriously
I don't know was what's wrong I just uh
I think I just stayed single too long
and it's just brutal there's this
critical point when you stay single too
long and when your brain switches from
you know like Ian I don't don't say that
time yeah fuck it Syd few hours dude and
once you cross that line this dude did
the evil that just just opens up it's
just you know
I don't you know I just find women that
just like I think they're great I don't
want this to come off like I don't come
off here like I'm some woman here cuz
you know I know I'm a psycho but it's
just like I don't I just find him to be
like relentless just every day that they
just they just gotta come at you they
just wake up they have an agenda and
they're like these psycho robots that
never run out of batteries and every day
this key fuckin guys keep coming it
fight you got a deal with that every
single day hey honey I raise it and you
literally you know every day it's like
waves hitting the beach you know every
day just a road in a little more your
life away you know just waking up inch
by inch
every day just why you hang out with him
he drinks too much where'd you buy that
that ugly throw it out so one day just
hanging out in the middle of a lagoon
just floating there with your baseball
cards you're waving to your friends back
on the shores don't get me tickets I
still like sports
oh here she comes here she comes hey
honey are you doing no I'm trying to I'm
trying to learn how to how to pick my
battles with my girl you know what I am
you know I used to argue all the time
I'm just trying to pick the battles some
days they come they come at you you
think you just got to let him go you
just let him go and follow him to
whatever dumb shit they want to do is
I'm gonna picnic I have a picnic you
bring Nick the bank and you think then
other days you just got to get your hand
up you just gotta just create this
perimeter some for them to bounce off
like beers you just send that psycho
energy in another direction
buy yourself a couple of hours for
freedom before they bounce off something
else game okay any stock on record
cookie very parry
now they relentless they never stop and
there's no reason for them to stop you
know why cuz cuz you can't hit him
that's what it is
think about that there's no physical
ramifications for being an asshole when
you're a woman do you know what you
haven't how much of a dick I would be if
it was socially unacceptable to kick the
shit out of me dude I would be trashing
everybody I saw see some big
muscle-bound guy I know who fucking Jim
slap this protein shake but I can't do
that right every guy has a line and if I
cross the line I get blasted in the face
totally acceptable right well with women
there's no line they can just be fucking
tasty coming at you who they could do
stuff worthy of like a suplex and
they'll just stand right next to it
there you have the decency to run away
like light your clothes on fire they're
like tada
I did that shit
oh yeah and I was so proud of my work I
stuck around to see your reaction I
invited a couple of friends to heckle
you as you try to stomp it out with your
bare feet oh yeah they're like key your
car sign your name Susan did this shit
you sitting like now Kylie's put her in
a headlock in for a couple of I feel bad
for women that unit you never get to
feel that you guys should should do it
to each other you know just every once
in a while just haul off and just blast
one of your friends in the face you know
it's good for you no I know yeah I know
it hurts you know he can't feel your
nose your ears are ringing but I'm
telling you man it clears your head and
it causes you to like evaluate yourself
I swear to God any time I ever got
punched in the face I was always pissed
but at some point during the drive home
I'd always be thinking like you know
it's kind of being a dick back there you
know I really think about it I probably
shouldn't have said that last shit you
know you mean you'd like make that
adjustment this guy's an asshole I can't
believe he's just gonna say it
actually my girl punched me in the head
on Valentine's Day a few years ago yeah
you want to hear this story this is a
great one this is how much of a dick I
am that I can actually tell a girl I
love her give her a card and somehow at
the end of the night she still blasted
me in the head you know I can't even
what happened all I know is she said
some shit then I said some stuff then
she said some more stuff and I said fuck
it I'm going for big air I said the last
shit and next scene oh she just came
flying at me right fist balled up okay
and at first she was just hitting me all
in here you know which is acceptable
right it's a holiday
let's fucking keep at night you know
let's keep it nice right I gotta admit I
was blocking most of it at first right I
was doing the rope-a-dope I was leaning
back was pulling ahead and I was leaning
on her talking shit right hits fire her
out right and then all of a sudden she
just went up top fucking blam it hit me
right in the side of the head you know
what hurt the most was not that she hit
me was that after she hit me she didn't
have the decency to hop back like like
maybe something was gonna happen she
knew nothing was gonna happen it's
against the rules so not only did she
get to blast me in the head she then got
to do like this UFC talking shit thing
in my face pointy
Oh groaning and she started like
breaking up some stuff you know of
course it was all my stuff and I'm just
standing there okay don't look her in
the eye stand as still as you can better
calm down oh that's great that's not
mine from high school that meant a lot
to me
evidently not to you it's funny I was
doing that shit I have a cop with his
knee in my back but evidently you have a
vagina
so that makes it okay I just have to
stand here as you break all my shit
I don't know it's got to be me
it does you know I get into too many
arguments I do I got an argument this
girl the other day you haven't meet
somebody like within the first couple of
minutes of meeting them they feel like
they can like sum you up just like you
know what your problem is you just have
this unbelievable urge just to take
their head and just mush it into
whatever they're eating you know and
really hold it there for a second you
know like feel the panic and the back of
their head is like the air bubbles
become like less and less frequent you
know never have like weird thoughts like
that place random violent thoughts you
know like I actually had the urge to
elbow an old lady in the face the other
day no it's not real I swear to god man
I was going I was going to get off a
plane right you know the rules when you
go to got the plane it goes row by row
by row right this lady's all like whoo
I'm 90 I get to cut everybody right so
she starts waddling around me you know
I'm competitive I start boxing around
right
so how my luggage that swear to God I
did this I'm literally taking up the
whole aisle and all of a sudden I just
go around him she just starts waddling
all around me and then I just feel my
elbow like dude you're gonna take this
shit man come on dude you got a wide
open shot you know just give her a quick
one she's not gonna feel it she's gonna
go down and he can play it off like oh
is she with you
but I didn't do it manica I got my body
under control and come on man we can't
do this shit this is wrong and I thought
I was in control and then she got like
right about there then I fell off my leg
my foot going through we can still trip
her we still trucking man throwing that
out there
all the time I do I didn't do it oh I
didn't I did it just you never think
shit like that you never just walk down
the street see somebody up on a ladder
you just want to go over just a fine
shakily just to do it
you see people like eating you know
sidewalk cafe having a good time there
you go ahead knock all this shit off
that's all I'm saying
it was one of one of those moments
this girl was annoying me she was eating
something and I was envisioning plunging
her face right into it alright this is
basically what happened okay she tried
to say I was homophobic
I think she's full of shit and this is
the story all right we were in a diner
right we just got done eating okay came
out I was looking down at the ground and
when I looked up there was like these
two dudes like hardcore making out you
know and it's like I wasn't fucking
ready you know to me as soon as all of
us I wasn't ready it's like you know you
ran to Brokeback Mountain or I'm walking
through the village I can get my brain
prepared for what I might see but like I
wasn't fucking ready you know I just
eaten these fries my god dumb shit you
got to go to the gym you know it's in my
own head but when I looked up these two
dudes one guy the beard there's ah just
going at it
so the second I looked up I just feel
like I just looked away that's all I did
real quick too soon I just and then this
girl was just clearing an iconic Alex
Pizarro bus with a lyric homophobic yeah
how my father could not homophobic
I got no hatred you know I got no hatred
in that area she goes was that all about
I got I was it was just like a visual
thing which is you know she goes what
are you talking about well put it this
way the first time I ever saw a porno I
was like 14 years old I had no idea what
doggy style was but the second I saw it
my brain was just like that is the shit
I want to fucking do that some point in
my life but I convinced a woman do that
with me right my brain was like yes my
dick was up everything was in agreement
that this was a wonderful thing and I
had no idea what it was but the same
talking if at any point during that
porno somebody started like kissing
somebody's feet
I like sucking on their toes it was just
just flips just gross to me but that
doesn't mean I hate feet and I don't
want them in my neighborhood that just
means I'm not into that shit
- same thing with the Gators I have no
hater in my heart for gay people all
right they're cool they're funny
generally speaking they're neat you know
I got a lot of positive things to say
about him you know they moved to your
neighborhood the property value goes up
cuz they make it fabulous right they
can't reproduce so then I'm making more
in the way people walking around
wonderful for the environment God's
lesson but how far does political
correctness go that I got a look at some
shit that's making my brain go like fuck
the look away right I'm supposed to
override that start like cheering on the
relationship
when you fingers through his chest hair
notice ridiculous you gonna tell me some
gay guy never walked down the street
seeing two straight straight people just
going at it and never just saw like Oh
God why would judges I'd like walk it
off huh you can't help it that's just
now his brain is wired right he's just
like pussy and I'm like dick huh right
but there's no hatred in that I can't
all right just couldn't fucking explain
it to this girl
she's like yeah um fuck it's like not
what's on the same love you ever see a
big guy in a sandwich right and he gets
a little mustard on the side of his face
right you fucking look away but that
doesn't mean you want him to choke on
the sandwich and you want to get a bunch
of friends to beat the shit out and free
the sandwich right do whatever you put
your mouth on is the most intimate thing
ever right there's no middle ground it's
either like yes or fuck that there's no
middle air you know balls right
you just and you just insert yourself
into the situation like when you watch a
porno there's there's a guy and a girl
but you're not looking at the guy even
though he's right there you're just
looking at the girl and you just
thinking yeah that's what I would be
doing to her right but if you took the
girl out and there was just some guy
just sitting there just drying off you
you'd be like this shit is horrific
right so when I'm looking at two dudes
kissing it's like a stalemate there's no
place for me to insert myself into that
situation
it isn't horrific right does that mean
I'm fucked up you know I love about that
joke you guys got it after like the
first example yet I felt the need to
give you 58
so just got to get my shit together man
that's basically it started going back
to therapy again I just can't I kid I
just can't do therapy I try I start
telling my stories I just start fucking
laughing and then the therapist is
always looking at me like you know I'm
like come on man it's kind of funny
right like nah nah Lee horrific so he's
trying to get me to bring the walls down
so you know I finally one therapy
session you know I start getting a
little emotional and then all of a
sudden he goes he goes okay yeah just
breathe and the second my brain was like
ah what a douche and I just said me to
this I just hate no just the wall just
came back up again you know I don't
maybe I'm just fighting it you know
maybe this is who the fuck I am I like
Corvettes you know maybe I should just
be this should start making some more
money you know
you never think about this shit I don't
know how you guys how do you stay
married how the fuck do you you do it I
know you take the happy family photo is
just sitting there you know you never
just think of that just some day you
know just slamming the garage door on
your head putting yourself in a coma for
a couple of just all happy okay
evidently this is a happy crowd I'm the
only one who thinks this shit all right
I don't know
I like fucked up shit man I like when
crazy stuff happens I like stuff for
like in sports I love watching sports
like I love all that stuff with like
people cheating like with steroids you
know I am so Pro steroids it's
ridiculous I could give a shit I could
really give a shit you know I don't know
what Barry Bonds is doing but whatever
he's doing I hope he keeps doing it I
hope he just comes out as like one big
chest muscle with like a bat sticking
out just keeps cranking him over the
fence you know who gives a fuck - people
have been cheating since the beginning
since I was watching put baseball in the
seventies half of them were on coke you
don't think that that helped you see the
ball a little better you like wired out
of your mind like dude I can see every
step the curveball I'm gonna fucking
fight it
12th inning you're all fucking hands off
check them no I love all that stuff I
like when you know people fall out of
the upper deck when athletes punch
people in the stands I mean that's
that's just like what's entertainment
for me now you know I like that Jimmy
the Greek moment that happens in sports
you know like once every four or five
years you know that like some 50 55 year
old white dude tries to explain why
black people are kicking the shit out of
white people and practically every major
sport you know it always goes down the
same way right there's always like three
white dudes in the one white dude in the
middle he's always like the guy with
like the theory you know he's always
away no it seems these uh these African
American athletes they uh they seem to
have this ah this quick twitch muscle
Pharm you know there's a slow pitch and
there's all this quick twitch and the
second the deuce says that like the
other two white dudes start like sliding
on a frame like okay this guy's get
fired and I'm not gonna be part of this
highlight ice on your neck keep that
seat warm right and the dude in the
middle he's just like hell-bent on
gettin fired
you know he's just he sucks like
bringing up slavery never deli they were
reading the strongest man with the
strongest woman in that quick twitch
were literally 20 minutes later that
dudes on TVs like fired right he's
crying his family standing there he's
got like a box of shit from his desk
with like an Emmy sticking out we're
just talking about the quick twitch and
it's slow to analyst wasn't just trying
to make a point
no I love that I love seeing people mess
up their careers like that it's just
funny to me
plus I got a mitt as a white dude on
some level I have to believe in that
theory cuz it's like I white dudes that
bad at basketball
I can't even watch the NBA anymore man
it's like every highlight the white
dudes like that the flanking does like
his nuts in his face
I'm just sitting at home like for the
love of God tackle the guy Jesus Christ
get out of the way to ever get tired of
those two nuts flying over your head you
know you're gonna be on SportsCenter
just get out of the way good I'm telling
you there's got to be something to that
theory I saw this show on time on
runaway slaves is one of the most
amazing programs I've ever seen in my
life do when you ran away as a slave you
just didn't run to the end of the
driveway and be like girl fuck that job
to start walking come dude you were to
like run through whole states this dogs
chasing me you're hurdling shit you're
swimming those were the first fucking
triathletes and there was nobody helping
him up there was none dude on the side
of the road like come on man
two more states win Ohio
yeah
hey dude you are on your own is it any
wonder
250 300 years of that shit and then I'm
gonna do you up in gym class and it
happening I come from hundreds of years
of alcoholics I got like half a liver
you know amazing you know what's funny
to me about that stuff you can't even
like you know I always you know that the
theories crazy but it's just like you
can't even bring up how well black
people do are doing in sports everybody
gets all weird about it which I don't
understand cuz it's like a compliment
you know like feeling weird it isn't
right now you know I just brought that
shit up I'm saying something good right
I said I saw a coach get in trouble for
that shit like his team was like Owens
six or something they just couldn't win
it every week the press was just getting
on a more and more and more right and
the duty was just like flustered and he
had like a moment honesty they're like
why can't you guys win a game hell you
know no the offense isn't getting it
done you know defense they're too slow
and it just rot tell me they get some
black guys on this team with a fire
immediately everything everyone started
freaking out like they had no idea what
this dude was talking about it's like
are you watching SportsCenter
or do you see the Olympics like I left
the hundred meter dash right there's
always there's always like like like
nine black dudes and then that one token
white guy and like Lane eight I'm just
sitting there cone come on man one time
just one time win the bronze just do
what you got to do the white dude always
stays with him to like the first turn
then he like fucking flows out
was on a flat Google X where's that way
through the next Olympics he's like up
in the broadcast booth his careers over
is where he's like a commentator yeah
it's gonna be a great race still can't
feel my fucking toes though I'm telling
you now I don't get it it's like a
carpet we're saying you you get you fast
that's a good thing right
people start all freaking oh you're
acting like that's all we can do you're
saying we can't be scientists no we're
not always saying is if there was a race
to the microscopes you fuckers would win
we're just saying that you're fast you
get there first you lapped home would be
flapping in the wind I get there like
three minutes later all cramped up with
you are you looking at bacteria no you
go fresh here's gopher please much does
a Bulbul every viable and Street shoes
I've ever seen ever fuck I'm like no I
get into those arguments all the time
all the time friends of mine I'll be
like well how come anytime a black
athlete does something they say it's an
athletic move anytime a white athlete
does it they say it's an intelligent
move and it's like well fair enough man
it just just depends on what you're
doing you don't I mean it's like you
know if you read a defense white a black
that's an intelligent move right but if
you take off from the foul line jump
over nine of the dunes and throw the
shit down those other nine guys aren't
standing there like fuck when I think of
that shit
Here I am dribbling around guys I think
that some superhero
shit shit like a cake flapping in the
wind the big s on your chest I'm telling
you man that's the funny thing about
Hitler
just let me finish let me work my way
let me work right through this idea no
that's my favorite my favorite sports
clip is that Jesse Owens shit I just
love it because their whole angle was
fucked up but he made Hitler leave in
like the third quarter right he's
putting down his number one finger just
fucking walking out of the stadium
Pheebs place the whole thing was like we
I'm going to create the superior race
it's like dude I think we accidentally
already did that
now we sent a select group of people to
the gym every day for a couple hundred
years that's paying dividends they're
fucking Duncan on us every day dude how
quiet was that limo ride home with
Hitler you don't say you know he was
talking crazy shit when they were on the
way there they were all amped up they're
going to dominate Sieg Heil just going
on that whole ride home they're just
sitting there all quiet you're sitting
next to an even angrier than usual Adolf
Hitler trying to make some sort of small
talk like him
it doesn't nice day isn't it you know
nice boots
dude I admit man I'm fascinated with
Hitler man I am just how the fuck that
guy ever came in power
cuz does he ever look like he's in a
good mood in any of those clips everyone
should have a nice fucking here's
flapping around
there was nobody even in the beginning
to be like dude it's at me in this
game's schedule crazy I'm good
of us fans total cock-block you can't
even have around women or nothing you
know no you know what as crazy people
can take over shit that's what it is
like regular people we honored you just
never say shit you ever notice that like
you'd be on a bus 30 decent people one
crazy dude can take over the whole bus
right everybody sitting there
everything's great then one crazy
fucking just starts screaming the second
that happens all 30 people like I got
everything up again some two got
hepatitis their buddy's freaking out
like why does every good pounce on the
dude I think every regular person should
just have like a chloroform rag like
right in their front shirt pocket and
the second any crazy shit happens if
you're behind it it's on you you just
pull it out and take the guy down
everybody jumps on him to tie him up and
your tattoo possibly the next Hitler
across the forehead you keep an eye on
right nobody it's so hard it's just hard
to speak up that's the shit you know
like I was in a target the other day
right not bragging you know that what
I'm standing there with a buddy of mine
right he's a bouncer he's a bouncer and
this really like crazy bar so he knows
like all these scumbags and it just so
happens that one of them just so happens
to come walking through the target so my
buddy he was the wave to him like a man
how's it going and riding this guy being
like I know it's going pretty good he
just launches into this tirade about
like like immigrants right in the middle
of target so how's it going chayo it's
going Scott damn Mexicans kick over this
country take it all the fucking job
immediately everybody in line like
Eminem put speed the back of these
that glucose he's still there I'm not
looking I look a last time make sure I
turn to look I am not looking you just
look Scott was going off nobody did shit
clued me food me I wasn't looking at the
guy even the people who work the target
they just kept ringing stuff up like ooh
three socks for a dollar that's amazing
think it's gonna rain out fuck dude it
was a classic lure for a moment this guy
who's know he was doing like a fucking
Hitler open-mike you know I'm just going
off he was learning how to put thoughts
together write how to speak in front of
groups so we should just came out yarn
through some skittles on the ground you
take him out that's it it's over but
nobody did shit you knew there was like
one guy working at Target like some
crazy dude peeking out from the back
like I like this guy
this guy's making a lot of sense right
he follows him out to the parking lot
they jump in his El Camino now there's
two of them right
I don't know I mean I'm into a
conspiracy theory man that's my thing
you guys into that ship give you that
stuff I do
I ain't fast food fast food I think it's
like a conspiracy you know I think this
how they just keep us dumb you can't
even think after a while you ever notice
that shit I give every a whole day
planned out eat one egg McMuffin you
just on the couch you know what fuck my
drinks good stretch and good ten do this
it's unbelievable
healthy food you can't you can't even
smell it you have a bag of apples right
front of my face like my eyes are closed
I can't smell it 200 miles away oh fuck
is that is that KFC wonderful journey
well then you get a bucket of it tell
you never know seminar us whenever the
government fuck's up all of a sudden
like McDonald's has like a new sandwich
you know you just sitting there
screaming at your TV how can I get
pardon all these CEOs new McCree behind
their fucking toilet shove it down your
face
so anyways yeah so I have a lot of like
I have a lot of fucked up thoughts man I
do this is the most recent one I had you
ever drive down the street and see like
30 people up on a sidewalk
you just think hi you don't do it
you just fake it that's what's like
separates the psychos from the
functioning psychos right psychos they
just think it fuck it they do it look at
the wipers going to make a day out of it
right but as a functioning psycho not
only do you not do it you actually
analyze it like man if I just leave my
hand right here nobody knows who I am I
move it two degrees over here I'm on the
cover of Newsweek
I am instantly famous right right here
nobody knows me just a regular jackass
like hey Bill you want to come to the
cookout you know maybe you could bring
that that potato salad was such a big
hit last year one of the most horrific
stains we've stated here bottles through
the ball
you should really go
it is gonna be there you can strike up a
conversation maybe hook up with her no
indication even try to stop no I had
those thoughts all the time like
recently my girl took me to a on street
fair rent you guys aren't married a
street fair you know they close off the
block right we pulled up the block is
like shwarma there's like shit made out
of buttons right people with no teeth
are making key chains you know it's a
typical girlfriend idea it sucks and
it's gonna take all Saturday right right
she's like all excited she's like
swinging my army she's gonna be fucking
big Hey I'm like praying for lightning
some sort of scaffolding to fall down on
my head you know so she comes out first
place she comes up to his is this big
table nothing but like homemade jewelry
right homemade jewelry okay
it's got twigs in it macaroni it's shit
it is a table of shit right but she
loved it right she's like oh my goodness
that'd be so fun to you and she's like
trying on the earrings do you like these
do you think these are nice right I want
to be like now if they were nice they'd
be in a store all right
there'll be a roof some sort of
structure would be built around this
this is shit this is a table of shit
right but but I don't want to be a tick
so I'm like no honey that's great you
know John you know I'm gonna go in some
air okay even though we're outside I
think there's more air to be had you
know snobs I felt that I was gonna snap
I literally watched like two three
tables away as this lady's standing
there with this big table on nothing but
muffins right homemade muffins like 85
degrees out she's standing on this big
table nothing but muffins she's got this
big stupid either look at the muffins I
made look in her face and the second I
saw that shit that part of my brain was
just like dude what would happen if you
just came up and just said hey lady now
these your muffins oh yeah I just
started gonna fucking plan what
like how many of these buckles could I
mush before anybody did anything I mean
realistically I think I could have got
the whole table cuz even if you saw me
doing that shit will take at least five
to six seconds to process like they say
you can do that is it like a game you
eat the muffin up you fit let just seems
like a waste of pastry you know dude
there's no security shit like that this
don't dudes standing there he's pushing
them up it's okay help I'm on it sorry
we're going to ask you to leave they
just chucked me out so I just started
thinking the horrify fucked up look in
this lady's face as I started slamming
these muffins and out of nowhere I just
started laughing like a mania I'm like
slumped over this fried you know card
I'm dying my girl looks to me she's like
what the hell are you laughing at and
like an idiot I actually tried to
explain to her like she was gonna get it
on some level right I'm just sit there
like I was just thinking but if I
started pushing the bumper
lord I needed to start punching him and
she's just looking at me like why do I
go out with you do but I swear to god
man if I never broke eye contact the
second I started hitting those things
that girl wouldn't even be able to call
for help I would have been in her head
it would have been too personal to be
like that I go to high school with this
guy why would you do that
buckets are a healthy food I don't
understand it
our lesson I'm out of time you guys are
so much fun