I am a giant nerd one of the things that
I love my first obsession was comic
books and I just think that any you know
I think nerds are kind of defined I
define them by being obsessed with
something and comic books with my first
obsession and I collected on and I still
do and I look them up on the Internet
and I keep them all nice wrapped in
plastic and I keep them alphabetical and
everything and I think that's all
nerdiness is is an obsession right and I
think there's other types and nerds that
people don't talk about I think that uh
sports guys that play fantasy football
all the time
they're Sports nerds right and I think
Christians or Jesus nerds and I think
gay guys are penis nerds they collect
them they look for them on the Internet
keep them alphabetical wrapped in
plastic to keep their value
so I went through this weird thing they
mentioned I have a son I know he feel
bad for him already
and I went through this weird thing I
swear to God were my friends back in the
states when him but when we announced
when my wife and I I did it with a lady
and that's how we made him and I know
weird and then when we told our friends
our friends got really strange some of
my friends are like dude how could you
have a kid with how messed up the world
is man the world so fucked up and it's
getting worse and worse and in 2012 the
Mayan calendar ends and when the Mayan
calendar ends the apocalypse is going to
come and they made that shitty movie and
I don't think it's true I just think
you're supposed to buy a new main
calendar that is how calendars work they
fucking end and then you go to the Mayan
mall to the Mayan bookstore get a new
goddamn Mayan Garfield calendar and call
it a day and yes I'll be bummed if the
world doesn't in 2012 like all of us all
be sad but one of the reasons I'll be
really sad is my kid will only be three
in 2012 he will mean be able to see the
apocalypse he'll be like Daddy the Akaka
pips is here that's adorable
whoosh skeletons
oh we had a sweet moment before the
copper pipes happened stupid a copper
pips so I love my son I'm having a blast
my son this really happened recently my
son my two-year-old he's friggin
adorable we're wrestling and I points at
my belly and he goes baby I know mother
turns out a two-year-old cannot take a
punch little friend is still sleeping I
cannot wait though like I want to get in
shape because I want to turn my son onto
all the stuff I love like one of the
things I cannot wait to share with him
is like take them to a comic book
convention and turn them onto horror
movies and all that stuff all the nerdy
stuff I love the biggest thing for me
though is Weird Al yes I knew there'd be
some Weird Al fans at the nerd show
taking a leap of faith with that one
I love Weird Al and I love his parody
stuff the most but I'm trying to decide
what context do I present it in to my
child right do I play the originals
first do I go hey buddy this is a band
called Queen Freddie Mercury Bryan may
not their best song another one bites
the dust
but here's Weird Al's hilarious version
another one rides the bus or do I
present all Weird Al music like it's all
completely original
really fuck with him first time he's at
a party and here's Michael Jackson he'll
be like what the fuck is this beat it
this sounds exactly like fucking eat it
whoever this Michael Jackson clown is
those weird Allison coin you guys went
awesome thanks
I was bullied when I was a little kid I
was bullied when I was in school for
being asian-american the biggest problem
with that is that I am NOT
asian-american so I'm married also I'm
married to somebody from another
ethnicity I'm married to an Indian woman
Indian actually yeah in not Indian life
but Indian like you know no sir