we gotta cut the angle of it all you
mean how's the booze don't let us use
pyrotechnics jim belushi won't let us do
pyrotechnics no it's gonna it's gonna
end with the angel angel angel and then
boom boom boom it's gonna have
explosions well don't let this fuck ya
okay
holy jesus you guys are awesome oh my
god
that opening was so not elope it doesn't
seem like I should talk about my dick
now like it seemed like I should've just
broken into song and fuck you guys are
fucking awesome I love coming here I'm
he was comic book nerd this week is kind
of con you know save that for later
we'll talk about it later but here's the
thing because you know if you've been
here during Comic Con all the
restaurants try to nerd it out you know
to like appeal to us so they put like
girls in costumes
you know girls never fucking read Green
Lantern in there and then that makes
nerds mad like we'll be at a strip club
you know they're getting a lap dance
from Lady Thor yeah first of all I have
been very vocal on the internet about my
displeasure of the creation of lady Thor
but now that she's actually rubbing on
my parts I feel different things
that's when he came to do that tonight I
know where your San Diego stripping
establishments are oh fuck yeah
I don't need Siri for that and it's not
like they have a restraining order
against me like that would be awesome
like in entire cities stripping
establishments got a restraining order
against me like you have to do some
serious shit to get kicked out of the
Spearmint Rhino right that's the
character in a lap dance that's running
through the place you don't know what
babies and all these ladies nope not
that guy I'm not taking his money that's
not what happened to me no my story is I
made a deal with tonight my sweet sweet
wife a couple of years ago then I would
no longer go to strip clubs and by that
I mean she said you no longer go to
strip clubs and I don't want to paint my
wife like she's some comedy cliche she's
not she's fucking awesome and she always
bust my balls you know but we did I
really am not allowed to go to strip
clubs that parts feel oh yeah as I like
my penis what it is cinch up the shit
out of that thing she said like jokingly
but I know
I'm not allowed to go so she bust my
balls whenever given a chance so last
summer I was flying to Montreal don't
know if you've been but it's super
slippery yeah before you go through
customs you just learn and at the
Montreal Airport it's too broad French
lady jumps on your doors like far far
and that is how they sound by the way
I'm sure you caught on and super good at
accents you seen my Irish fella you
already did Patrick's Day so my wife
knows how she D I am at accents
she is also super aware of how
strippery' Montreal has been she's been
there she knows so I couldn't trick her
right sitting on the plane talk to my
wife on the phone he's about to takeoff
flight attendant walks back by tells
everybody to turn their phones off my
wife keeps talking flight attendant
walks again gives me the stink eye a
couple of things about me I don't do
well with my pressure or authority or
like people sort of a freak I start to
lose my shit and my wife knows this does
she used this opportunity to work this
out of nowhere she just goes lap dances
are cheating and then click I swear to
you that's how she fucking said goodbye
to me my wife of ten years not I love
you not enjoy Montreal not bring me back
some French fucking lap dance they're
cheating and then dare I just sit at my
phone going fuck this happen I know
she's busted my job so I don't say
anything so I get home five days later
but I'm like a baby when I was leaving
why did you yell cat fancy is cheating
the whole time I was getting lap dances
from beautiful french girls wondering
why you need a magazine about cats cats
like to read what's your fucking problem
I quit smoking pot over two years ago
yeah that was fucking stupid now I'm
back behind comedy clubs hanging out
with strangers smoking whatever random
shit they hand me super safe right I
almost find it insulting that I've never
woken up in a stranger's band going what
the fuck no one wants to rape me is that
what you're telling you why one person
in all of North America wants to rape
Maiden I did that joke to Portland and
as soon as I said that one person wants
to rape me a bunch of people in the
audience went ah let such a fucking
Portland response a bunch of sweet
hippies up there you guys we should step
up and show this guy support the spirit
take this back bear behind the building
to make that shit happen traveling would
we suck so smooth about that before I
don't try when we could I would get
super paranoid I mean I talked about
with a freak I am oh my god and I'm full
of weed high as fuck and I'm going
through TSA and I'm just waiting her to
and I've got a sack under my sack oh my
god somebody really likes funds I love
that he was the crazy laughs you're
gonna enjoy I'm hittin a couple more
puns in my act and buying hidden I mean
I've been company 70s and when I make
upon I fucking love wordplay so much I
want to shoot fucking holes in the
ceiling right I'm a bird it's a little
easy to find even the dum-dums will
figure out when I made a pun I got
busted almost got busted when it wasn't
even carrying I flew into Calgary but
here's the story I was super super high
oh my god I'm sweating so much mean I
got high with a bunch of strangers in
North Carolina and then I get on a plane
I fly into Calgary Canada fucking high
on my skull yeah it's a place and I'm
super super high and I got to go through
customs and they make it through the
first level customs second level of the
customs - customs officers and the dog
yeah here's two things about me I love
animals and a fucking stupid
there's my natural reaction see in that
drift obviously go hey pretty girl how
are we doing there the dogs like you
fucking idiot you just made my job super
super easy
you fucking giant stoner the dog does
this walks up and sits at my feet right
which is how they let their trainers
know though they care hi yeah I know
about the politically incorrect avi
trainees don't have the calendar the
airport I just thought it was the most
fucking adorable thing I've seen all
week I'm like who's making friends today
who likes he loves everybody that's
right all the doggies and doggy named up
they have to use rub cause it makes me
fucking crazy McDonald's like dude
seriously shut the fuck up you don't
know what it's super super hard you the
dog is right apparently I was fucking
blown him cuz the two dudes take me away
from my new friend but she's pretty they
bring me into another room nothing do
you want to go into it the Cosma Airport
does in that room and my experience is
the meanest lady I've ever met yeah mean
lady at the Calgary Airport was all
fucking business she goes through my
bags makes me take out my clothes not
the first time I've been nude in front
of a mean lady
a lot of disappointment when this dude
self and the two dudes start to leave me
and that's when I panicked I'm like
what's going on fellas why am I in here
in the first place the guy goes will
stir the dog indicated you and at the
time I'm still fucking high so I'm like
well alright but in retrospect I'm
pretty fucking sure I indicated myself
cuz you know who tries to hug drug dogs
my buddy in LA is the pot dealer he's
been my dealer for a long time and a
good friend of mine and he's super
excited about weed being legal
everywhere he's like it's gonna be
awesome dude when it's legal everywhere
and I'm like not for you you'll never
use a dealer again when you don't
fucking have to you you can go to Costco
and buy in bulk right you're not gonna
set up some dudes shitty couch and his
gross apartment and here I'm talking
about his fucking obsidian collection
everything cuz if you've ever bought
lead from a dude and I have you know you
got to hang out at your dealers house
and hear about this boring-ass hobby
just pickin charity so I started
collecting arrowheads
my brother I just found out in three
quarters I fucking hate you let me go
tell your girlfriend she doesn't have to
hide in your bedroom and I come over I'm
not buying guns or fucking them euros on
the road bring my friends which is nice
sometimes though I'll be in a place not
some kid open for me or never met before
I was in Phoenix
and I love feelings but they have this
26 year old hipster kid grew up before
me I just hate this fucking kid
he was on my stage talking about how
much he hates themselves hey 26 you guys
having a little party talking about
self-hatred and as you're about to see
that's kind of my area hatred but I'm
fucking 49 I've earned my self-hatred
at the mall but I like to look like was
a form of transportation it only has one
time so all my tires are plowed you guys
how am I supposed to ride around the gas
tank district might wanna I'm gonna
slowly like a fucking asshole people
actually I've never discussion with me
before they can determine on a terrible
person just like in olden times super
shitty by the way we're talking snake
and we open it for Bob Judea you Fester
that's not self hatred no self hatred
I hate myself because of that joke and
I'll explain like I'm the old guy now
making fun of young people something but
two years ago I was fucking cool as shit
well 40 years I'm so old now and it
feels like it just happened in the last
couple years where I just start but I'm
so so cold and that's this I no longer
know what weird I was making fun of
yeah that's a huge thing for me I've
talked before about what a fucking weird
outfit I am but now I'm lost I don't
know what he's doing anymore
my whole life I followed him I remember
being the kid you know counting on him
almost like a shitty song would come out
and I'd be like you know that sucks and
then a couple months later we would have
us take care yeah that'll come up last
year you won a Grammy for it man and
there were six parody songs on that
album and I'd only knew one of the
originals and that was the one that was
in the news a lot from Alan Thicke's kid
fucking old amaya that I called him Alan
look Robin stick up like I'm your 80
year old grandmother you can't pull the
neck blood and stick out of my crusty
ancient ass you know Alex Boye might not
know that about that Alan Thicke he's a
very Carroll to God so anyways his young
boy got the boy from the TV show
not the banana man not the Christian kid
no his real boy he was out on that Movie
Awards dancing around with that Billy
Ray stylist slut whore she shot giving
it away
my brain is holed oh my god
my body's older somehow I don't know how
my body oh my god
each day it's getting worse my tits are
sweating right now
while I talk to you my tits are being
rude they're sweating and I'm not really
doing much I paced around a couple of
times my kids are doing less than me my
kids are just laying on top of my gut
but they're both currently sweating like
a fucking twelve-year-old basset down I
just ran around a swimming pool point
I'm and I know dogs don't have sweat
glands but it works anyway you guys oh I
hate touching them too like doesn't feel
like my hand it just feels so wrong yeah
I just feel like the worst day stripper
just like put him on the glass I guess
I'm working my way through code you get
those whatever you can get down you
would think I'd be used to my kiss I've
had in a while
oh yeah I first got my tips when I was
31 I remember the day I wouldn't called
my mom took me to the mall and got me a
training bra went out for ice cream
sweetooth day between the boy and his
mom it's a rite of passage for every
snap Marian when I was 35 i had the tits
the sixteen-year-old girl
that's right yeah yeah you're right dude
perky perfect but for being you know
what I mean just like a 16 year old
girls tips untouchable you fucking creep
avert your eyes old man you want to go
to jail again brother
I get super self-conscious about him too
and my fellow smiles around here I was
in Hawaii with my wife and she made me
swim that is true I climb out a swimming
pool I really do this like in public
sees my sidekick I wear shirt when I
swim like a so now as I said earlier I'm
not 35
nah I'm much older so I had the tits of
a much older woman who's had some
children she's seen some hard Road in
recent years you guys yeah she's been to
Sturgis with those titties look yeah
she's got some dirty sturgis Bike the
secrets she's gonna take to the grave
without tectonics
that's right yep they can't show on sons
of anarchy because it's only table now
she's working at a diner off the
interstate 4:00 in the morning you go in
with your buddies all high as fuck she
drops one of her duck tits into your
coffee
you heard me she's like more coffee
no never I just stopped drinking coffee
just as fucking Stefan thanks for
ruining all caffeinated beverages with
your terrible searches dog kids and I
make fun of myself a lot like that's
pretty much the rest of this special
just making fun of myself and serial
killers talk about that's kind of it but
I make fun of myself for a reason
because I blame myself for what you see
in front of you sure
genetics played a hand a shitty shitty
hand balled at 23 that'll be fun for a
heavy-metal dude say goodbye to your
beautiful blond locks Sebastian Bach hey
let's put a beat-down in human what does
that look like quit beating him in and
make the little bird boy that'll be
super fun for him when he's 9 years old
and his whole face is one giant fucking
beat that'll be awesome hey let's get a
vision problem so it looks like his
glasses came attached to his fucking
nose he went to a fucking magic store
here 39
like a goddamn tourist and bought a
magic face for $8.00 hilarious gag face
that said that said the rest of the
shoes my fault it is every inch besides
this all this shit my fault my kids my
back kids
my second set it back to it they're
coming in nicely cases this that's my
fault
cuz I eat like shit I eat like a rich
old lady's dog three meals a day and all
the treats I can handle you guys Obama's
pretty plush yeah mama said I could have
all the treats in the cupboard now that
daddy's dead
Oh what kill the guy no joke fuck off
making a dude up and fucking care that
treats man or my downfall treats and
what's doing all this bullshit treats
like I eat treats all day are you treats
if I have a good day in treats I have a
shitty day sometimes I'll feel guilty
about having too many treats then I'll
sneak in to treat I'm not exaggerating
when I tell you I've fallen asleep in
hotel rooms with a 9 I treat hanging out
of that one stop
I wake up with a breakfast treat laying
on my pillow partially to let for me by
Jesus fat piece of shit
me not Jesus my friends man my friends
left food and all my friends and my wife
even they left food but they call
themselves foodies right we've all heard
that word gloomy but like I still hate
it but I remember the first time I heard
the word foodie like eight years ago
seriously I got goose chills early yeah
you're a foodie yeah cuz I'm not bad
pretty sure if you have a human body
he's fucking half too fucking food I
hate people yes i watch all those shows
the foodies watch how much all those
shows on what's the Food Network for The
Cooking Channel but I was sitting in my
underwear peanut butter out of the jar
you know it's hard there's anybody do
things but I know how to eat right well
not right but often and to obsess and I
watched those shows I watched all those
shows man I love some of those shows
like I would watch diners drive-ins and
dives and I love that show and it's been
great for me because I could well beam
on the road all the time I watched that
chillin and I find good places to go in
cities I'm going to like you know that's
how it's not about dads yes
but from that show I hate that bleach
aired in Cabo Wabo sunglasses on the
back of his fuckin we're running out of
ways to describe that dickhead oh my god
I hate Guy Fieri but I like to put
cheese on gravy and that fat bitch tells
me where I can do that sure he's made a
little fat map Rose fatties the follow
around fat America hey I'm gonna be able
to San Diego region this weekend you
know where I can get pulled pork on top
of Pancakes sure dude pull into downtown
to Goa for Street you see the old man
with his balls out then you go fuck
yourself oh my god I hate Guy Fieri like
this dude said he's a douche he's a
douche but the real reason I hate got
beard it's worth from in the same place
we are but both of Northern California
we both literally grew up about a half
hour away from each other and if you're
from that region of the country
you're either like him and you fucking
love sublime still and
you quote swingers and your friends want
to stab you or you're like me and you
fucking hate dudes like him and I like
me and I'm such a pussy like I've never
punched a dude in my life
but if I'm at guys the area I might have
to curb stomp him on principle not the
train to flavortown asshole that I'm
winner winner chicken dinner
motherfucker my brother from another
mother
planning graceless nationality now oh my
god but I'm full of shit you guys cuz if
I met Guy Fieri in person like at a
party or my high school reunion so I
watch those shows i watch all this
cousin what's the food now from cooking
channels so much and that I read about
shows do I read about restaurants now oh
yeah I watch the shows about restaurants
and I was up check this place out in
Chicago the deal what this restaurant is
it's run by it a real life mental
patient like seriously don't go new and
insane asylum and come up with delicious
ideas and come out to open his
restaurant up again and to feel what
this dude's restaurant is no menu you'll
just bring you whatever the fuck he
wants to bring you
well maybe you don't sound like a muppet
but
I do so go to this restaurant with a
buddy of mine and it's insane like I
said there's no menu it's also one of
those places where he's strapping and
you're there for a while right we were
there for about three hours and it's
just played off the plate of the best
stuff I've ever had in my life
third thing comes out it's one of the
best things I've ever tasted and my
friend must feel the same way because he
says this to me can goes dude this
tastes like angel come and I did not see
what the fuck are you talking about no I
say yeah as far as I know but I'm sure
it's excellent right I just based on its
scarcity alone it's got to be one of the
better comes up there with the unicorn
cheese you know the point is my idiot
friend says angel come I agree with them
we're done talking about angel come we
move on there's other things to discuss
we're there for a while and crazy comes
back out with these two plates of meat
and I swear to god this is what he said
to us verbatim because gentlemen this is
antelope it was shot two days ago in
Denver Colorado out of a helicopter
using a sniper rifle I know I was like
that's the best fucking thing I've ever
heard my life it was so good now
everything I eat has to be shot out of a
helicopter using a sniper rifle even
seafood is gonna get super expensive
circle around that hassle time with them
dolphins but there was a sauce on the
antelope that I couldn't describe I
didn't know where it came from like I
told you I watch those shows but I
retained nothing so it turned to my
friend and I go amen
you know that thing he said they ain't
just came out under there you know
jerked up on her food this really tasted
like a bunch angels came out her and
jerked off on her food and he looks at
me and goes I never said that
I just said it tastes like Angel come
why'd you make it weird he's right I'm
sure he brought up angel come in the
first place but he never talked about
how it was prepared or presented right
this week he clean scenario it very
easily could have arrived at our table
in a glass jar with Paul Newman's face
but no I have to bring the Angels into
it all about me that when you mention
any become that's where my brain goes
and I think it's because I like my food
farm-to-table yeah that's a foodie turn
I'm well aware that turns out I might be
a foodie because if you're gonna present
me with angel come I want to know two
things is it sustainable
visit cruelty free super important I
want to picture a bunch of angels
trapped in a cage they can't even stand
up straight through I'll punch still
over shaking while you're pressing their
little angel heads they're all getting
spots next to halos they can't climb out
cuz the farmer put a cinder block right
there so ah these are angels from books
with beautiful majestic angel wings and
they can't spread them cuz right next
one's another dude gonna put the work in
here Rezo depressing conditions
I think Sarah McLachlan should write a
song that's right about the play to the
masturbating angel for just 75 cents a
day you can stop angels from having to
masturbate bar and restaurant hang out
inside an angel this stupid joke has a
point it would be this
I want free-range angel conga yeah
I want my angels to do whatever the fuck
they want during the day and then at
night come to your table cuz they have a
job and a responsibility they'll be like
hey how's it going dude gentlemen live
here in Chicago we like know that
fucking love coming here wink
guess what I got to do like 20 more
minutes
hotels are beard you know sometimes I
see a nice one so I'll tell you where
later but sometimes I'll wind up the
shit holes I was in Edmonton Alberta
Canada and I loved it up there but I
stayed in this really old hotel slash
casino super rundown and full of ghosts
and then I made it worse by Clark in the
toilet
yeah nothing makes you feel worse about
yourself you guys the clogging a toilet
because that's even a toilet going yeah
good you're gonna have to figure
something else out you fat fuck down all
my turds
no questions asked but somehow I was
able to create shit so heinous make this
particular toilet drone invisible line
in the sand
he's like that shall not pass fuck you
toilet he's gone at home and I ruined
the toilet and I have I mean look at me
destroyed at home I have a plunger I
have more than one bathroom so I have
more than one plunger it's the worst
you guys are got a couple of plungers
what it did but since I'm an Edmonton
Alberta die now have to involve total
strangers even have my plunger should
travel with it cuz I had to call
downstairs and involved this woman and
why might she drama upstairs so I do I
go hey Claude Claude smile in real life
I'm pretty sure I said to you at the end
of that sentence but I'm sorry I made a
simple request all I said to her after
that ago can you please send a dude up
should have been way more specific
that's all she did is send a dude up not
a dude with a plunger or a plan or a
fucking idea just a dude just sorting
out he just showed up and looked at it
when yup that's gross you just check it
out
sure enough nasty flavor he's just doing
shit recon or something like you're
reporting to a superior officer
downstairs right sir
that's why that is fubar sir so now I'm
sitting with a fubar toilet and I'm like
well you know I gotta be here two more
days might as well name you how about
old dirty bastard
you say huh
so me and big baby shit assistant now
there's a knock at the door another dude
is there now black the first guy cleaner
yes right that's all I think he went
downstairs oh fuck this dude I asked for
Nelly fucking Clarke they're good yeah
gross the keys on the table but they're
still attached to his pants and the
second guy knows why he's there he's got
a plunger I'm so relieved but you will
not believe what he said to me I still
can't believe it he looks at me and goes
where is it go back
what'd she tell you I clogged I'm gonna
make a game of this I love games
we'll get my Dungeon Master on the horn
and a fence on the quest for the
soldiers so I get depressed is my point
last year it was at the height of my
depression and I was on the road of lots
and I was in New York I was 30 pounds
heavier systems bad place and I was in
Times Square I Love New York
I fucking hate Times Square fuck that
place in its dirty hobo devastating
awesome
Times Square is so gross super touristy
now there's not the porn that it used to
be was like warriors time that was
awesome now it's gross there's like
fucking a two-story Spiro they're spar
know if the shittiest Italian food
you've ever had you're at the mall
you're like just at least borrow and
then I'm go to my car need a gun for
dessert
does anybody ever been in a spiral oh my
god where's priceless two stories
saw my asshole friends get crammed in
here and have fucking Italian food that
makes Olive Garden's seem not like
poison
there's a fucking M&M; store next to the
Spiro M&Ms; your fifth favorite candy who
gives a fuck and yeah man I have more
than five favorite candies don't judge
me you know I mean treats in the middle
of day overlooking Times Square you're a
bad time I'm treating it up I'm watching
The Avengers yeah dude yeah cuz that's
we should watch that movie you should
have been allowed to have more dicks out
during its theatrical run just one cold
piece of shit out of one fuck yeah
that's a fucking dick out moment for
nerves folks smash indeed send that
trickster god back to Odin broken fuck
him
so I'm just sitting there to recap eat
treats fat gross make it an old I have
to pause the movie halfway through it's
grandpa had to pee up and walk to the
hotel bathroom
true story I farted on every step
yeah every step I took my stupid fucking
feet or highlighted
my therapist wants me to be positive I'm
working on it
highlighted by a grow smart so four
wheels I'm just a sneaky sneaky
sasquatch stomping through my room now
I'm 15 years old in my head so when I
started farting on every step I was
having a good goddamn fucking fart on
every fucking stamina look I spoke a
depression earlier but as soon as Barney
came to town depression jumped out the
fucking window
I've been talking about you know
self-hatred that's what happens like
that amusement that's a little while oh
my god I'm really gonna fuckin fart
every questions I beat you body you're
the worst body anybody's ever hot body I
should throw you out the window try to
hit the M&M; store you fucking immature
and I get to the bathroom and the last
part is totally uneventful just like uh
like my asshole beyond literally ran out
of gas
and I'm standing there red-faced and mad
because I can't remember by the fuck I
came into the bathroom in the first
place in the entire room reeks behind me
like it's not like a garbage fire in
there I still have no idea of our
security then pound on my door but what
are you cooking in there much sadness
come on close we're watching The
Avengers serial killers are pussies yeah
I'm gonna go from that two serial
killers
stay with me people covered in fake jizz
serial killers are pussies and I'll tell
you why as I've read about a lot of
America's famous serial killers and most
of them pick easy targets in my lines a
lot of serial killers pick like
prostitutes which i think is super easy
to kill I'm guessing based on that we'll
move on anyway famous guys did that
first some serial killers did that then
there's a guy like John Wayne Gacy John
Wayne Gacy killed young men and little
boys fucking terrible but super easy I'm
guessing we just pull up and through
some school that can get a 9 at once
just be like hey guys they got old
Nintendo
like gold Nintendo's dad I'm like shut
up to singing out of a fucking white
band just wearing a bloody apron and a
hard-on just fucking playing
whack-a-mole some teacher runs over
horrified going can I help you sir like
no I've got this horrifying right put
easy targets one of my favorites Ed Gein
and nobody nobody's been fucking anyway
that dude killed his mom oh my god I
could have killed my mom a million times
I was just in Hawaii with my entire
family I could have killed my mom 60
times in Hawaii just doing a simple
misdirect like a bomb another one of
those ABC stores and she oh yeah Barry
who the fuck is Karen one of my
favorites yes I have favorites come on
dark shit metal kid grew up on horror
movies Richard Ramirez fucking terrified
me when I was a teenager fucking
terrified me the Night Stalker yeah he
named himself after the ac/dc song night
Prowler he couldn't even get two words
right
what a fucking to him that dude he would
kill people in their sleep super
disturbing but also fucking easy like
you wake up in here like hey I don't
know that's give me Mexican guy he's
like staff guy fucking terrible
and by the way ac/dc if you know your
said that song night Prowler is the last
song on highway to hell that's the last
song that Bart Scott recorded I
mentioned Bhatt Scott earlier he's one
of my heroes I fucking love Bon Scott
that's the last song he recorded and
then if you know if your total ac/dc
nerd like me the last thing he says at
the end of that album night Prowler ends
and then he cuz it's 1979 there was a
popular show on TV he goes out of
nowhere after his song about killing
people he goes south Batman who now knew
I mean he doesn't know that's his last
recorded words and I like to picture
Richard Ramirez sneaking into somebody's
mouth you wake up in here like what the
fuck you don't live here he's been shot
terrible the point of this joke is that
I think serial killers should kill
people that are hard to kill all those
people I mentioned earlier easy
I think they should pick hard targets if
there are any serial killers in here
odds are probably high
he's one of you people let her hard to
kill mixed martial arts guy
I love mixed martial arts clearly I do
not partake in MMA but I will watch this
yeah and I may also I can be sitting
about anywhere people put her out of the
jar super hard on release like go to
fucking Home Depot on a Sunday climb out
of your serial killer ban you see if
dude a Ford pickup driver the tapping
out sticker he's wearing the affliction
shirt yeah he was rocking a medium he's
written XL but he likes the way the
medium fits shows all the shit he's been
doing for the ladies go up tonight dude
pull it through serial killer van pick
something really hard to kill my fucking
veterans yes you hope you had the right
reaction like dude we're not going with
you yeah fucked up post ain't gonna make
fun of letters no I'm not alright
fucking love veterans I know some badass
veterans when I got out of high school
two of my best friends they joined the
military they went did some shit they
can't talk about and then I grabbed a
microphone and start yelling about my
farts into it they are clearly the
better men in this story what about your
grandpa came back from Korea hasn't
killed anybody in 60 years but he
remembers how to
it's not about the locks like your
grandma has come so close to ruining
criticisms I see and one more thing go
up to Grandpa Thanksgiving morning wake
up and go hey grandpa I just decided I'm
a scary serial killer and you're my
first victim and he's like I don't think
so we're date he pops out his wheelchair
but chokes you with this colostomy bag
and the final things you hear your
grandfather say to use you can outdo me
outdo me fourth grade Jeffrey Dahmer how
are you gonna outdo me I went to Korea I
said what are you gonna do your best boy
you didn't cut my belly open you're
gonna turn my skull into a cereal bowl I
don't think so I went to clear all right
out of a pea owk in a pile of dead
bodies I wear my best friend skin for
three days 20 hours 15 minutes in 45
seconds what are you gonna do to me I
saw my general play flight of the
bumblebees on a piano made entirely of
the bones the 14 Korean boards that's
some scary shit now I'm choking it out
with my colostomy bag I'm going to bury
you encouraged because that's what I
think
suppose our disgusting
I think balls are gross I mentioned
earlier my balls are terrifying to look
at but I think all balls are nasty like
if you look at the little boys policy
askance first and don't get weird on me
seriously I shot jizz on you why did two
thieves came shout scotches on you I
just did a serial killer joke we're
veterans looking strangled their
grandson and then I started kids and you
guys tighten up I have a little boy he's
my son I realize it's super important to
make that distinction
when you look on me you do not run
around with a face like this attached
your body on I have a little boy people
get super questioning and arrest me and
shit I do he's my son my wife and I made
him from our parts he's six years old he
just turned six
if you're a parent you know that's like
a big accomplishment but we didn't kill
him he made it to six because that first
year especially that first year when you
have that baby every time you hold that
baby you're like oh my god don't fucking
die oh my god don't die I set you down
don't die don't die what I feed you
while mommy's at work don't die that's
probably most important but if we're
gonna make one big rule don't die on my
ship
now worked out he needs to six maybes oh
I love him and he's a badass and he's uh
he's fuckin hilarious and he's nude all
the time yeah as I lived with a little
crazy nudists naked nude most of the
time just running around dying out the
only reason my son wears clothes is it's
required by law would you bring me a
child in California Pizza Kitchen but
because of their nuts if he could beat
balls out at the fucking cpk knew it all
the time et back to me yeah these old
people here know no balls in mouth he
thought it was the other no balls in
mouth the worst way to wake up by the
way yeah
I've woken up some shitty shitty ways in
my 49 years of waking up every goddamn
day I grew up in California like a lot
of you I woke up to earthquakes
fucking terrifying you grab your weed
you run out of the house when I was 17
my mom kicked me out of the house cuz I
was a dick
she was right I was the giant dick moved
in with my German grandfather in
Sacramento was a bigger dick than me
that's where I inherited my dick isness
well I lived with my grandfather he had
one simple request and that was this
than a kid a job while I lived with him
not an unreasonable request by any
stretch but the way he went about it was
super uncool he would wake me if I slept
past 9:30 he would wake me by pouring
water on my face
one morning I missed the first wake-up
call slept through it
now it's 10:05 my grandfather has
dragged a hose into the house I swear to
God turns the hose on me I wake up
thinking the world was ending
and how to clean up the fucking mess my
grandfather may steal a lot as bad as
having five year old balls dragged
across the stinking mouth there's some
tea back me you guys cannot put too fine
a point on this it's not like he knew
what he was doing it wasn't at a
maliciousness at all he was five at the
time he never played halo you know what
I mean I've never been on Xbox Live but
to you the morning going fuck you it was
like he knew what to do and the true
story is this what really happened he's
just trying to climb over me so he could
wake up my wife so they could wish me a
Happy Father's Day Father's Day ever by
the way
because when you'd wake up with your
little boy's balls in your mouth that
day does not suddenly turn awesome day
is ruined the Guitar Center gift
certificate and fucking happy face dad
got pancakes you're not gonna turn that
shit around that day is a box and D and
D terms they'll be like 25 and I'll be
like thanks for ruining father's day
dick maybe like I remember I'll be like
I fucking do but he's my best friend and
I don't mean to be corny but it's true
and if my best friend from college had
put his balls in my mouth I wouldn't be
here I'd still be in San Quentin for
fighting off my best friend
because this my current s ranking from
these balls
dude you fucking killed it Jesus did you
get those angels