was that
hey hey they're often a six-pack that's
right home of the Million Man March
after the very bad mom that had all the
positive black leaders this ferris come
tested very barren very incest
and some Tigers fan while we get a
ticket
come on exam positivity how do you get
it
they're very fair to say memo you know
that means let me that even is not fine
as out
we had a crackhead on sale
[Applause]
hey cool if you want ya know I'm right
I'm gonna jump back
Oh quack guys jump back hell that
happened off of the crack of McDonald's
you can't get your job back
that's right they're not gonna trust you
around a happy meal continue laughter
hearties oh crap gotta jump all over the
whole was so tall ran against him that
they lost so was so bad in loss to a
craggy what was it campaigns I will
[Music]
[Applause]
fuck the thing
both of these cellphone crack open
come on man I think ourselves little
kids did not get high when the man's
okay don't get high you won't be done
I'll be man
but quack everywhere crack everywhere
you know what they say
crack destroyed the black community
crack is destroying together
yeah like to get over so nice for folk
crap they say that you're like
everybody's hood and a mansion a yacht
the swimming pool came by drives all out
[Applause]
really focus on the negative side the
crack always on a negative side to crap
what about the good side cut what about
the beauty of cook what about the good
things that crack is brought to our mind
they were not here before you know the
good side the crack is in the upper
right our you can get a BP off one
dollar fifty
lucify your whole house would piss out
of five
why cut the crap shit Christmastime
you're about to buy the crack gift who
they think you got him something go you
shithead I'd been born from a cracking I
think they just legalized crime
legalized you know I wasn't illegal ice
crack just so my friends mothers can
have something to brag about
you know Ronald got his own pack out now
ja he got an old pack house and I'll
drop by every day with my favorite King
so legalize offense all drugs should be
legal all dutchy blue why people want to
get high that's right people think about
getting high right now you like that I'm
alone in the show people not to get out
then you'll forgive it all the illegal
drugs in the world won't be shit people
want to get huh
dude give it all back all our ball
applause you know what happens people
will just thinking new ways again huh so
our guys are going their basement and
become scientists like you check this
out check this out
you know I do get a baby's bottle right
filled up a little gasoline and dead
lima beans and suffice you'll be fucked
up
that's right man oh we got the war on
drugs bullshit Juan does this bullshit
as a way to get moments because in jail
that's all it is this trucks got the
drop Dylan don't Billy sell drugs drug
does offer drugs I'm 30 years old oh but
he ever sold me Johnny nobody ever sold
nobody in this room some drug you would
you ever in your life not thinking about
you in hind somebody sold you some
fucking gun hell no drug dealers hopping
oil man you want to smoke no smoke you
say no that's it
now Jehovah's Witnesses on the other
hand oh man drop Dylan so sell drugs
drugs sell themselves is crap is that
encyclopedia than a fucking vacuum
cleaner
you don't really gotta try to sell crap
okay I never heard a crack dealer bald
man how am I gonna get rid all this crap
good powder the back side man meows up
around I don't do no I don't get at all
kind of marries our fuck around my Big
Brother Big Brother junkie alcohol but
doesn't he pork is pork so good food
people a bullshit that people shoot
heroin ago you know rent me to kill you
what do you mean rent me to kill you
only in America we say some bullshit
like red meat a killer we got too much
food in America too much food what even
read me to keep it all starving all over
the world
let me read me the key no no no don't
eat no rappy no don't eat no grieve me
okay talks are yo you wanted a chosen
two people on his burbs they're lucky
enough to get your hands on a snake bite
the shit up
too much phones America now we got so
much food in America the only country in
the whole world that makes people feel
bad to be in fact the only country in
the whole world
people starving all over the world you
fatso place most people like dan how you
do that that's amazing
I gotta hang with you oh you think
you're an amateur Bennett I'll put on so
white we go ahead too much food America
man we got so much food in America we
allergic to food I loves it the food
hungry people are learning the shit
so you think anybody in Rwanda got a
fuckin lactose intolerance
there we got some people only poor what
the fuck is that shit about you don't
talk you don't need pump some people
only pause for religious reasons which i
think is dumb ain't shitting on nobody's
religion but I refuse to believe that on
Judgment Day my diet is going to come
into question okay
[Applause]
what you need Oh got shit to do it who
you are as a person
okay I gotta kill a bunch of kids but
ain't right so that ain't gonna happen
man
no CP most people don't don't realize
like religious books were written by man
man wrote everything right man was the
Bible man was the Koran man most are all
that shit written by men and thousands
of years ago before the US you know like
5000 years ago before the Reynolds Wrap
before it was refrigerators before there
was freezers before the was seasonings a
pork chop might killing that's right one
drop dead but times of King that's right
see terms of chain people they you know
five thousand years ago they're like
damn poke is killing everybody how can
we get people to not eat pause okay tell
them guys said don't eat it and then
that's okay guy said only they stop
eating
times have changed up and now we got
frittering we got freezes we got saran
wrap we got fiddles ups now a pork chops
yo friend right starving a pumped-up
Macedo life cannot either feedback they
cook it right
[Applause]
tell my friends from the Sun you don't
people from the south nerves and pulp
and I was that no matter what you even
down stop they got some poke in it hey
there's some good fish we gotta figure
this Pope fish you don't the Nancy's
brother pockets pig feet
pinky be sending that old ass jar that
same job is sitting the sausage shoes
about 15 years old and a pig fetal
floater on that liquid the brown beige
Russell liquid what is the link so what
is that pig pen and people actually pick
out the pig feet no not that one
[Applause]
like is the difference - Navi and big
thing no give me that one though I want
the nail in it no one's actually Bigfoot
haha lot of stuff going on this your not
everything racial this shit what's the
big thing this year election holding
pile he should run he could win holy
kawin he should run can't win
calling POW camp when Colin Powell got a
better chance of winning the bronze and
female gymnastics there being the
President of the United States get the
fuck out white people they vote for
tolling pop say they are they are not ok
this was stupid head up make them run
here you kill trying to run shit : pop
why he was standing on both phone cuz it
seemed like the right thing to say it
just seems like a cool thing to say you
have a before and it seemed like the
right thing to say just like if you act
somebody if they want to be an organ
donor they always say yeah nobody wants
to be an organ donor
nobody seems like the right thing to say
she our condolence for people with no
face at all you know what if they figure
out a way to bring you back from the day
now that no I
[Applause]
hey it's a bit back from the dead I
can't see shit
[Applause]
who came to the boy Idaho nah gonna kill
this nigga by Isaac Colin Powell can't
be President bit get there you know I
could talk on pop can't be President
whenever cold pile on the news white
people always give him the same
compliments always the same compliments
how do you feel about cool top he speaks
so well he's so well-spoken he speaks so
well I mean he really speaks well he
speaks so well like that's a compliment
speak so well not a compliment okay
speak so awesome shit you save up a part
of people that can talk
what already speaks well we never struck
down today some fucking educated man out
of fuck you expect me to say eternal
[Applause]
your pops about six weeks over what boy
were you nothing to come out of his
mouth what the fuck did you expect me to
sound like I'm gonna drop me a bomb
today I'll be prayers old dick fuck
outta here now they took my clothes
washing off a vice president do it for
his country by country shit
they gonna run with a guy he can beat
you're not wrong fucking dolly to beat
doll he won't act so blue they're only
acts of black man to do something that
fucking stupid run with a guy he could
beat get the fuck out of here
they were next door white guy to do no
shit like that they're not gonna act out
corner run without Sharpton now
so fuck outta here man vice president
you know what ain't gonna happen long as
you live you ain't never gonna see no
black vice president not while the
president's wife oh no you will never
see do not be such they tell you never
say never
I'm saying never and never see no black
vice president mother's a white
president you know what cuz some black
guy wouldn't kill the president that's
why she got to it and we had a blast
nice president right now I can't wait to
kill the president
so it was going to ask me what are you
going to put me in jail with a bunch of
black guys and see me like a hero for
the rest of my life
she's leavin a mana death suddenly what
would happen get pardon by the black
pens
[Applause]
I'll be the biggest star in the history
in jail beside a lot of grass 9 7 - KY
here you go
cheer up in jail got some of me don't
quit quit yo bet yo I hope I can't turn
to be just like you but you documented
research I realized who you were
[Applause]
all that will rape you in jail boy the
whole damn country is so damn
conservative now but jails ain't tough
enough jails ain't tough enough we got
to have a depth in jails ain't tough
enough your jails are fucked up okay
don't believe the hype the problem is
the reason jails are so crowded cuz life
is fucked up well some people a pro
people are starving like sick life is
captain up your jab get him you live an
old project no generally that bad job
watching our HBO at this special on the
jail special a couple of months ago now
normally when you see a special about
jail it's on regular TV and there's a
lot of shit they don't show oh not to
HBO jail
oh they showed it all this interviewing
a brother in addition now sir what a new
inmate comes in and he wants some drugs
how do you initiated the guy goes well
the first thing I do is make him toss my
salad
the guys like toss my salad whoa what's
that
yeah well have it your salad pulse means
having yo ASO eaten out with jelly
officer first sir
[Applause]
then the guy said oh nothing why must
you go through all of that so why not
just oral sex the aerials well when a
man sucking go bitch he could pretend
that something else when eating in and
he knows that please go see the best
companies we got the top salad men give
a choice right now between the electric
chair toss with a salad I'll be like -
way to pluck it
shit not be wet they're back to old
school's out of control oh they're out
of control we need prayer in the schools
wait on these prayer in school we need
to toss salad man in school that will
strike the kids out hey Jimmy you got a
D you know what you
[Applause]
a lot of racial shit the shit not a
racial shit was the big thing Oh j oj
was big that's right black people do
happy white people too man
white people like back this is bullshit
I see white people that masters they
cancelled mash black people way to LA
yeah we want we want what the fuck did
we win every day look at the mailbox my
oj prize nuts
[Applause]
who's all about race that she wasn't
about race and she was about Fang
because if all day wasn't famous he'd be
in jail right now
oh they drove a bus and okay trouble
plus he wouldn't even be okay he'd be a
rental the bus driver murderer and hold
a jury so stupid that's a fuck out of
here man it's so stupid how can they not
white people with is on the exact same
shit okay see they exact same shit but
if that was Jerry Seinfeld charged with
double murder and the only person about
the glove just happened to be in the
Nation of Islam
[Applause]
never be a freeman being serial writing
it but let's break down the case
whatever once again Ron Goldman that was
her boyfriend okay don't be mistaken and
thing he was just some guy returning
glass okay was the last time we let some
shit in a restaurant and they brought it
back to your house okay
shit I want to eat there she do believe
a newborn baby in a restaurant and then
put him in a coat room second of all he
was known to drive around town and his
Ferrari that oj bought for her think
about that shit i find your car you're
gonna let another man drive around in my
car are you a little fucked my you
better recognize
yeah I don't even have for her but if I
saw somebody turning my penpal that to a
block like The Godfather and I'm not
ready to kill them but I understand
no one else oh they spent $25,000 a
month in alimony 25,000 top 25 and
$4,000 a month of food for food what the
fuck was she eating a full grandma I
guess she's like I gotta get some extra
cheese in my waffle tell women y'all got
a good boy when it's time to get a
divorce women got it me to go to court
so coconut shit your honor
I'm used to dance I'm just do that I'm
accustomed it is so what the fuck is a
cup what I got to do is shit I do got a
restaurant your custody
you need you I need no more they don't
owe you a steak
[Applause]
I want them to put put that shit you are
not used to this um you said
money but doing the cost of a
relationship a man grows accustomed to a
few things
but I would love to see a man go to
conseil a Mercedes
now I'm accustomed to fucking help bow
ties away not got to be able to fuck
atleast twice away I think Iike an
alimony but I want simplicity
[Applause]
[Music]
that's right man shit no alimony that's
Tomatoes a class that autonomous she
paid that big-ass alimony it's gonna
touch down in 20 years
that's right can I have a prenup
that's right prenuptial agreement
everybody needs a prenup people think
I'd be rich to get a prenup
oh no you got 20 million your wife's 110
big they're your installable but if you
make thirty thousand and able your wife
won't fit pain you might have to tell us
yeah good kid I won't move back to my
mama cuz you ain't in love you won't
have to die so you guys think about all
their situation 25,000 a month mother
man time right his car fucking his wife
and I hope he's still paying the
mortgage on now I'm not sad he should
kill them but I wasn't saying
you know I feel fun older kids who I
feel for more than everybody else man
if i oj nicole caleb awesome man
you know I really feel for who I feel
for more than anybody else I turn
[Applause]
you know why because anglers the king in
a woman beaten solely a chicken title
[Applause]
nice but happy to kill Tina what about
me
what's black got to do it that's the big
thing now domestic abuse that's the big
shit ninety-six domestic abuse
everybody's doing Oh J Warren Moon Billy
Dee Williams Spelling Bee well Peggy
where's it all went and what the fuck is
the world coming to
saying it's up let me see one what I get
people down a little too much coke
you know what they say there's no reason
to ever hit a woman she she has a reason
to hit everybody just don't do shit a
reason to kick old man down a flight of
stairs
yes don't do it nobody above a handsome
[Applause]
okay anybody can give you a reason to
hit it wasn't no this book back women
are even men don't without that women
notice but but ain't nothing more crazy
nothing more out of control nothing more
likely to embarrass you in a fucking
restaurant then a woman that knows you
ain't going
when a woman is what a man she knows a
hundred percent a go hit a wall she
can't wipe it in the Doosan wrong so
sing it yelling looks like a little boy
fuck you going to kiss my ass
I don't care Louie I just kiss my pump
[Applause]
and the man's I got a fuck weekend here
I tell you how you got there you gotta
argue with your woman and went too far
and that was it and women you know you
can go too far
do you can't yes you can go to fucking
fuck I'm a man and if I have an argument
with a man that's bigger than me I know
there's a zone I don't go into okay his
own I don't fuck with okay and women you
can go to women oh go action well you're
fucked up spit on it bitch it fuck you
gonna do stuff fuck you up
just fuck you go through this Lee say
something they say the wrong thing like
my mother bitch
[Applause]
and see how she went too far
sissy braces herself for the Hitler
then the hit though comes in who I got
them down your little ticks on the
fuckin fucker
yeah yeah I saw your friends that's
right yeah yeah yeah let's talk about it
[Applause]
don't think don't leave it don't think
it's cool to hit women ain't on that
shit I know y'all don't think that squad
never had a woman in my life I would
never hit a woman on that shit I would
never ever hit a woman in my life never
that's cool
I was tapping it or not but I'll shake
the shit out of one crazy mother
I tell you bout fucking fucking Dallas
for crazy y'all fucking that shut the
fuck up shut the fuck up shut up I'll
let go when you shut up look I'll shake
this wave out there
oh shut up shut the fuck up I'm gonna
let go and we go you're sit down you
you're gonna fucking eat your food over
y'all off you when we get home like I
want to handle shit you with a fucking
inch of fucking food and you're gonna
argue when we get over that okay
okay imma let go of burnin on here
[Applause]
now we got a lot of things a lot of
racism going on in the world right now
who's more racist black people or white
people black people you know like we
hate black people to have to see why if
you don't like about black people black
people really don't like about black
people there's some shit going on a
black people right now it's like a civil
war going on with black people and it's
two sides black people is niggas niggas
has got to go
yeah black people wanna have a good time
nigga fuck it up
to
[Applause]
thing is bumping it up can be fun
can't keep a disco open more than three
weeks right an opening grand closing
can't go to a movie the first we can
come out why niggas are shooting at the
screen what shit is that yeah that's a
good movie they're so good I gotta bust
a cap in here hey I love black people
but I hate niggers Oh ain't no boy wish
they'd let me join the close up plan kid
I do a drop-off from here Brooklyn kylie
is man you can't have shit Lee around me
you can't ask you can't have your big
screen TV do perhaps but they're better
moving in at 3:00 in the morning painted
white hope niggas think is the bassinet
can't ask ginger house why cuz niggas
will break in your house nigga the live
next door to you break in your house to
come over the next angle hurt your eyes
I think he's going to rob me you ain't
hear shit cuz you was going shit then
Todd and niggas hot-hot hot-hot-hot
exist then you know what the worst thing
about niggas niggas always want some
credit for some shit they supposed to do
but some shit they just supposed to do a
nigga will brag about some shit a normal
man just better nigga say some shit like
I take care of my kid here's a palsy as
dumb motherfucker
[Applause]
ignorance it is that I never been to
jail what's on a cookie
you gotta focus on a jail whole
expectation as a motherfucker
oh man positive shit you are the worst
thing about niggas the worst thing about
niggas Megan love to not know not make a
nigga happier they're not no one answer
to your question disaster nigga
questioning the a solution Kapil as I am
I don't know that yet keepin it real
Nigam love to keep the ring real yeah
clicking hey now shit start those niggas
are bringing your house you want to save
your money put it in your books cuz
niggas don't read then put the money in
the books shit whoop I like kryptonite
to a
[Applause]
[Music]
I love this shit man you kids can't
fucking play nowhere after year the
space gets more okay you go back on the
deck lon
oh you're gonna flag it decade by time
up I guess penny this happening
circulate
[Applause]
ha - shit man ha ha ha big pop Oh bigger
boy hot enemy man
think it's infected love being singing
about Ignis i heard some saw another day
it's the first of the bum niggas a
singer welfare Carol on the first day
well fed my to locate to me I wish you a
man well fit in a happy food bag so fuck
is going on what the fuck is going on
now they got some shit they trying to
get rid of welfare no every time you see
weapon in there we show black you black
people don't give a fuck about well
bitch niggas the second and they boots
or they gonna say gods dead she's a
black man they got two jobs going to
work every day hacks and they go over
the nigga get a job I got to you can't
get one
I would give you like that but you can
fucked up and get laid off they went out
on the Negev opinion she's a black woman
they got two kids going to work every
day but grass hay the bitch with nine
kids you're the one messing it up put it
down get a job yes you can get a job and
get a job holding dicks whatever you do
[Applause]
you need all black people all of this
shit why'd you go out there to but we
can't give a fuck about this we just got
to do our own thing okay hold a fucked
up we could be fucked up that nigga I be
born ill is the first of all they trying
to make it look like you know they ain't
even have any black people in the
country okay black people at 10% of the
fuckin population black people in New
York be clh cargo lettuce like pin place
[Applause]
okay big player black people in
Minnesota all you find a phony black
people of Minnesota is Prince and Kirby
Pucket
shit the whole rest of the country the
other 40 state is built up with
broke-ass white people broke and living
in a trailer home eating mayonnaise
sandwiches fucking a sister listen to
the cop who got a camera
see fuck out of here man and they need
your help man and I see some black
people looking at me man why you got to
say that why you got to say that ain't
ain't a since the media it ain't our
system media the media has distorted our
image to make us look bad
why must you come down on lectures like
that brother it ain't now since the
media please cut the fucking shit okay
okay okay
when I go to the money machine tonight I
look at all my back for the media
yes Ted Koppel a never took shit from me
nigga bad
see you there I got three guns in my
house to the media outside
oh shit Mike Wallace run off out of here
man
positive shit pad pad pad I don't know
Mandy to go back to school that's not
needed here
let me stop ly need to go to school you
know slap you black you more respect
Tamara jailed in school
you can know it's fucking about school
you come out of jail just a fucking
minute why come back you come out of
school nobody gives us a hey man I got a
school got my masters so what bitch your
punk-ass bitch don't come round with all
that reading and shit he'll come out on
that couch you have to count to one 205
for what companies Rock yeah
[Applause]
master's degree niggas don't care hey
man I got the masses with you my master
now
I bought the little punk-ass fuck lit up
fuckin so much you gotta mess with so
much you got a motherfucker Matthew are
you the smart nigga huh
you're the smart nigga imagine it let me
get it can you kick my
[Applause]
Oh thing is one enough I dropped out of
school drop them sir
got myself a GP you know TD stands for
good enough to blow you know a CT is
bullshit I let me get this straight I
coming up four years in six
you know to get your GED somebody's got
the nerve ago tonight go to color slow
down
I think it's obvious high school is
busting my ass you can't go to college
and ogp only cause you go through the GD
Community College you know on across
community colleges anybody in the
community can go it back positive
computing it comes with like a disco at
book is $10 and get my learn on so
that's a good community cause I'm a new
figure let me take some shit I know so I
took a black history class I gotta know
this right I'm black right I get a
business for showing up right from fails
it ain't set some sad shit
a black man fell in black history that's
that could you know fat people don't go
cooking as Kappa Rica
fat black history watch could have a
know shit about Africa cuz you know you
go to white schools you know Europe up
there
never learn shit about it I still don't
know she the only thing I know about
Africa it's fall Africa is fall for
where effort is like a thirty five hour
flight so you know that Pope I was real
of the full price so Lord is still
slaves on their way here I don't know
nothing squad doing Martin Luther King
welcome every teacher school of life he
wonders King that's my answer everything
Marla's King what's Kepler's I Maliki Oh
could you tell us the name of a woman
they would not leave her seat on the bus
who that's hard
are you sure was a one oh I got it
bought painting of the game
[Applause]
he also said man you know smiles is the
king stood for nine bow now with smart
luther king a stream and i'll give a
fuck wheel in america if your father to
keep boulevard there's some bad
it's the safest place to fix you can't
call nobody tell them you lost on him
okay
I'm lost my model of the game rah rah
rah
[Applause]
sup PD in there sad sad sack a lot of
women here tonight that's good I like
women the most woman that helps you know
what cool thing about women when we get
to have platonic friends is my pal he's
my bud
he's my platonic friend I love him like
a brother he's my bud my psychotic break
men don't half the tonic spring okay we
didn't have women we haven't fucked yet
I do not figure this out I'm in there
yeah I mean we are some photonic good
although I got somebody all by accident
every photographer I got some woman I
was trying to fuck I made a wrong turn
somewhere
they ended up in a print zone
one of the key platonic friends forever
why cuz you never know after I take care
with a girlfriend every six months what
happened a past she thinks she keeps but
I keep the platonic friends forever what
cuz you never know what after cow I
can't hang with her but they keep them
platonic friend forever wat could never
know you know what a platonic friend
until woman like a dick in a glass case
[Applause]
okay gonna start to see break open glass
and sorry don't look like a platonic
friend Matthew she'll be fuckin when you
mess up one of them dies you ain't even
thinking about what you'd be caught on
your shoulder I can't believe it
I'm so glad you're here that's right and
don't happen to you you know the next
man to fuck your woman you met him he's
building your house you hate your food
you drink your wine and he shall
betrayed you what I got it good what
that learn about what guys never ask a
woman how many men she slept with cuz
you don't want enough yes you happy a
bug Internet
why do you want to know you're
discovering shit you ain't put the flag
nowhere just be happy you're getting it
now why why you want to know why why why
why why you want to first of all no
matter what she's saying it's too much
for you no matter what she's I didn't go
to you've liked oh who oh no no no oh oh
oh I guess that's how he was raised
[Applause]
haha women a lot why you I'm making room
cuz she's gonna lie women alive out how
many guys she fucked in court they don't
care look yeah I swear yeah
if he says three sets ten I know you got
to give every woman like a 17 curve
that's more like three dick to the
eighth power and whether y'all say just
lick y'all a lick
I know the game I watch it unfold you
ask the woman I'm the guy she fuck she's
not gonna tell you how many Gashi but
she'll tell you how many boyfriends she
had because women only count their
boyfriend that's right they don't care
about miscellaneous dicks a hair
there got him in the club the guiding
folks in the club that night all that
time they put Bobby Brown oh the goddamn
fuckin Jamaica that's another country it
don't count we just talked about
domestic dish when they got it good good
good good good good I don't know I'll
fuckin them sexually sometimes cuz we
have you know men we only have one
responsibility knock it out
that's it be good in bed that's your
only responsibility women you know that
could be good but sometimes you try not
to be too good Jimmy
the women sometimes women have to ration
out the pussy you know so they want the
man to think they got a good woman but
they don't want to think he got outbreak
so they got her acted out the pussy okay
i'ma fuck them now it's all on seconds
dicks for two weeks all right i'ma
seconds dick nails all niggas balls -
next month
ah fuck niggas falls down so niggas ass
the next year
[Music]
we got all our tricks right away
whatever we got give it up we can't hold
nothing back we don't know there's gonna
be a return engagement so we got to go
fuck I just don't me I've just got
another phase in my life now just had
another point in my life you know time
to settle down come Center
that's what tournament it's time to
settle down boy women always rather
subtle death she a woman golf all good
date she's like why we bullshit what are
you waiting for men never ready to
settle down
men don't settle down we surrender all
right oh man
hi hi yeah okay just tell me the day
before I beat it hi ya know eventually
goddess everyman God especially men you
gotta settle down you know what your
cell down ventually cuz you don't want
to be the old guy in the club
you know what I'm celebrating copy
bulletins I got old guy he's really old
it's a little too old to be in a club
you don't want to be that front so
you've got a little bet so I get to a
point like you got to figure out what's
important to give a one hand you got
commitment you and your woman together
live share love grow it's the most
beautiful thing in the world and you
know that but before you can settle down
you gotta get over there's nothing
that's right kinetic man got a choice to
make every single man in hair got a
choice to make and you know what the
choices commitment or new put now in the
clip commitment new put you know
commandment I give me a headache every
now no new pussy always played Yuma
[Applause]
but you gotta think about life in the
long term know people tell you life is
short nose not nice and long especially
if you make the wrong decision and in
the long term if I'm sick is new pussy
gonna take care of me know if I'm hungry
it's new pussy gonna feed me to push the
king Cup if I got a baby's new push we
gonna teach him how to read no puppet
and literate so I'm gonna come back to
commitment and turn is all pussy in the
new book
to recycle the pudding so that's a
relationships are all about recycling
keeping it new even ain't no it through
perfect when you decide to commit you
got to commit you got to commit can't
cheat
what a cheat can't cheat yeah gee can't
cheat it can't wait to cheat can't keep
just sometimes gotta go to read have not
to cheat in partnership women I want to
edit it is hard you know what hard not
to cheat cuz women like men that are in
relationships guys know what I'm talking
about when you were single no I was
thinking about joke hustling and see you
wasn't got a hold it you cut your hair
wash it down gave you a lifesaver what's
all the cuz I died now everybody wanna
fuck when you a single the mouth call in
your way ha now your phone ringing off
the hook
crazy freakin sex cause I hear what
you're doing you know my girlfriend
having a dick sucking contest and we
thought you being good job
you never got that call with you a
single now you get it every Tuesday but
you can't see cat chick no I cuz you
don't get cold you gonna get car don't
care who you are you double-oh-seven you
go gig okay
fuck and you don't want to get come but
I rather get caught doing some shit from
the government then they get caught
cheating all of them tonight I thought
I'll do the five years ago I remember
like it was yesterday
what about condoms in my pocket below
the pack of three
[Applause]
and uh it was where's the car where's
our the kind of liver fucks avocados
where is the cunt your women are just
like the police take a have all the
evidence in the world but they want the
confession
[Applause]
I know you did it just admit I know you
did it just admit it
I know you did it I got no Phil I know
you did it
just admit it I've got a blonde hair you
fucking a cramp a Colombian I showed you
spin it just admit it
here be a man give me a fucking man but
say that - that wasn't good that you're
talking silent I know you sit
just admit and if that don't work then
women get psychological on yo ass
they're trying to trick you into confess
then there's someone it'll be ID and you
just say you did
it'll be eyes if you just say you did
honey it'll be eye and you just say you
didn't you hear that kid nice on me posh
you start losing your mind you start
thinking our guest to the VI
I did say I didn't honey I didn't lock
on it up I can't believe you did that
I thought you said you knew I didn't
know - you told me Tango's back and she
forget you but she never forget and you
drive to Grandma's house they obey I'll
make a right turn right here did you
make a round with that bitch now I know
from now on the matter where we go it's
all left road you understand
[Applause]
I thought the question is you seen it on
your woman she shouldn't trust you no
more
but shit does eventually she does but
you know what happens now now you don't
trust her
you cheated on her
now you don't trust her we're gonna
ignorant shit is that you know what
happened Judas fucked around evil you
know what happens when you fuck around
woman you gave her get some dick free
car you're next I was big on candidate
so yeah it might get to the point she
found out she was cheese she want to
break up does she want to break up run
yeah got off luck but you're gonna get
that lucky down that out soon as you get
to the door she like that out let's work
it out no working out these pay that you
know the first want to pay back is you
ain't getting no personal all that
all right you may not get that put the
Dilla bills on the Super Bowl
and to go back here you get no new pussy
the kiss you get your paper a cellular
phone a car phone to pull up these my
ankles like a prisoner and every time
you leave the house you our check-in I'm
outside I'm on the car
I've been the car I want to roll and
that super bugs am afraid coming home I
got the bug I'm all the way around a
rental light it caught me chained to
these say cases hey case with you I ran
out the car they shot me in the leg
houses I'm office I've almost ho ho ho
I'm in the driveway
alright thanks see ya I love ya