look at this white people up top tonight
nah this is my hotel the wild go on my
wing here and I got another elephant
right I'm getting in the elevator and
these two high school white boys tried
to get on with me and I just don't I say
y'all ain't killing me
and scared of young white
if you why and under 21 I'm running for
them with these white kids shooting up
the school they don't even wait till 3
o'clock either killing people in the
morning daddy right that trench coat
mafia so chill we know we play us we
have no friends and kids coat mafia hey
I saw the yearbook picture it was six up
up I'd have six friends in high school I
got six friends now she that's three on
three would have caught
would be the kids I got people telling
me come on Chris come up to a school
talk to the kids I'm like fuck the kids
yeah I got a vest maybe I'll think about
that everybody want to know what the
kids was listening to and what kind of
music was Dave listening to but what
kind of movies was they watching some
fuckwit was watching whatever happened
to crazy
whatever the craze was you can't be
crazy no ball can we eliminate crazy
from the dictionary but the record to
move it crazy what I'm the kid I used to
separate the crazy kids remember back
when I was a kid the crazy kids went to
school and a little ass bus they had a
class at the end of the school and they
used to get out of school at 2:30
just in case they went crazy there would
only hurt of the crazy kid
and we was all safe he is all safe then
the world coming to an end
Hey Wow coming to India have little
white kids saying I want to go to a
black school shame right man and
everybody talking about gun control God
get rid of the girls look that I like
the Rose you got a good you don't have
to work out working out you got pets I
got text you don't need no gun control
you don't you need we need some bullet
control we need them we need to control
the bullets that's where I think Oh
foolish it cost $5,000 you know why
cousin four bullet cost $5,000 to be no
more innocent bystander
[Applause]
every time somebody shot me like that he
must've did so
see they can fit it down but not one the
bullet City man and people thought he
killed somebody for bullet cost five
thousand thousand man I would blow your
fucking head off if I could afford it
I'm gonna get me another job
I'm gonna start saving some money and
you a dead man
you better hope I can't get no bullets
on layaway so even if you get shot by a
stray bullet you won't have to go to no
back to the get it take it out whoever
shot you take they put it back I believe
you got my property see I'm before
everybody blame the kids fuckin crazy
there everybody want to be mad at the
kids for shooting up the school what
about the parents
really man damn pants need to go to jail
for summer this fucking shit man
everybody know that crazy ass kid now
with the jail you gonna man he never had
a chance if you know his mama's you know
he's gonna be there I was at the club
the other night I started life chilling
at the club you know chill with this
girl or shoot a dancer and that's about
pulling them on I'm talking her and
realize she don't she had like two kids
at home now I don't mind the two kids at
home I saw what the fuck is you doing in
the club
it's a birthday did you get a raise well
you got to get the fuck out you go get
you the fuck down yes bye bye bye yeah
go take care of kids before they rob me
in 10 years yeah you gotta get your kid
old or you move on you can't get both
own at the same time shit you'll need no
man to help you raise no child you'll
need no man fuck yeah you could do it
without a man but that don't mean is to
be done she you gonna drive a car with
your feet if you walk that don't make it
a good fucking idea
[Music]
you could be the baddest mama on earth I
don't you fucking how good you are and
nothing you can say more positive I'm
gonna tell you that
tell your dad you're gonna have a gun at
the kid head I'll blow your fucking head
off
so uh I'm gonna tell you that okay okay
up with it man yes I'm tired of bumping
these girls at the club or late on a
fucking weeknight I got a little cousin
got left back in the first grade left
back in the first grade
cousin mama out getting the groove on
you know how tough you got to be to get
left back in the first grade jello
[Music]
fuck
Esther mama funk involved that's right
that's right I'm telling my cousin Mike
Keenan talk to your fucking gig talk to
a peach and some shit you know that you
said more words of him than mommy be bad
in my mouth
[Music]
and it's really easy to tell who kids
gonna be fucked up it don't take no
scientists to tell who's gonna have some
fucked-up kids if they can't call his
grandmama mommy and his mama BAM people
in a jam
you ain't saving those college money you
saving bail money get money going to
Johnny that's right the kid can't read -
mama
Fogg and his mama fucking fault
now if the kid can't read cuz ain't no
lights in the house
that's better far
he got this shit down she said no I give
a fuck about dead just some real daddies
out there I'm talking about the guy that
just fucked you in left fuck him okay
I'm talking about real daddies
[Music]
those other one act like brothers on
hand there's some brothers that have a
business but people don't give a fuck
but nobody mom fuss about daddy
everybody take dad it for granted just
listen to the radio
everything is mama being mama I always
loved my mama mama mama mama what's the
daddy saw papa was a rolling stone
nobody appreciates daddy now mama got
the roughest job mic on front but come
at least people appreciate mama that's
right every time mama do something right
you and mama get a compliment because
women need to hear compliments all the
time
women need food water and complements
that's right that's right and an
occasional pair shoes
so one thing got their here all the time
are they lose they mind and get daddy
make sure you think your mom of
everything tell your mama how good the
food to you take my my hot nice to house
mama you better go in there
tell your mama that's right tell your
mama tell your mom and pay your mama
nobody ever tells daddy shit I'm talking
about the real daddy that handle the
fuckin business nobody ever says they
daddy thanks for knocking out this rent
hey daddy I show that is how hey Dad it
isn't easy to read with all this
no dad you talk about daddy that I
handled his business nobody give a fuck
about thank about everything that the
real daddy does pay the bills bottom
place and what does daddy get for all
his work the big piece of chicken that's
not daddy there is the big piece of
chicken that's right some women don't
want to give up the big piece of chicken
fuckin shoe to keep the big piece of
chicken
how can you keep the big piece of
chicken a man can't work 12 hours and
come home to a wing
when I was a kid my mama lose her mind
if one of us ate the big piece of
chicken by oh no no no no I've got to
take some chicken and sew it up shit
give it two wings in a poke
[Music]
just can't do it can't do it can't do I
don't know man world nuts man it's all
good for Clinton anything - anytime
something bad happened good for Bill
Clinton just get people off his ass
stop thinking about me good kids got
shot good people not think about me who
tornadoes whoa people ain't thinking
about me
damn they got impeached for what for
what lot about a blowjob so his wife
putting fire down against allowed B&E;
the Supreme People's cup
that one the judge judy she knocked it
out and a half our best commercials
Clinton do that was charged and it was
shit I don't even know was crying oh you
gotta some gift so what it got us some
gifts that's his friend you can't buy a
brand of GIMP
trying to get a job trying to you can't
get your friend a job she eighty percent
of people in this room got paid jobs a
friend recommended
it's against the law to get your printer
job shit she blew him for a couple of
months the least we could do is give a
recommendation
the lacy could do nicely people
everybody expects this holy behavior cuz
he the president expect him to behave
his holy wait just a president he
Reverend Clinton tastic Clinton it ain't
my whole project Clinton just build
plenty just some man a man won't be a
minute
a man is basically as faithful as his
options
man there's no phone no less you see all
these fat Republican guys going I would
never do such a thing this is a tribal
shit like nobody's trying to blow you
ain't no 20 year old girls trying to
blow Orrin Hatch
I'm trying to give Newt Gingrich son
fuck you ain't never gonna hit Newt
Gingrich go man I wish these hoes are
back up lay a black shit that's right
it's damn near impossible for a man to
turn down sex this ha ha
but a man who turned down sexy we can
stop chasing it and even that requires
some rehab please hard for man stuff if
it chased us we can't run that fast
caches can't run that bad
see it's easy for women to turn down sex
it ain't shit we call the purge down sis
it ain't no thing y'all who turned down
sex y'all
why can't you turn it down I food all
the time I do it all the time why can't
you say no I say no see it's easy for
y'all you know why cuz every woman in it
ever since she was 13
every guy your mess been tryin to fuck
you
women are offered dick every day every
woman in here is offered dick at least
three times a week
that's right every time the man's being
nice to you all he's doing is offering
dick yes on its all it is s all it is Oh
could I get that for you I bought some
dick
could I help you with that can I help
you some dick
nobody else is not shit we got the
Finbar
Sam we can't believe it we get off will
I did this my lucky since right man
that's right see now just hold this hold
this all Monica Lewinsky scandal a lot
of this shit is Hillary's fault
that's right I said it
and had the beast said somebody got to
save Hillary's a hero Hillary's in here
ago she ain't Manson
a lot of this shit is Hillary's fuck cuz
ladies you know your man you know your
man better than he knows himself you
know what kind of man you got you know
if you got the craze and need a blowjob
all the time man say sometimes you got
to save your man from himself so you
know what happens if he don't get his
medicine
so Hillary Clinton put us all in danger
she put the security of the free world
in jeopardy and she needs herself Anna
consequences for her actions that's
right she the first lady she bows would
be the first one of her knees to suck
his dick
shred monica lewinsky shouldn't even
instead of chance children full already
be down to life
Nicholas asses up
and grab a ball make yourself useful
[Music]
they already put on click oh wait before
I need this shit happen it was on clip
what were they on them for gays in the
military everybody who don't let them in
don't let her me hey if they want to
fight let him fight cuz I'm fine I will
give a fuck I saw a Russian tank rolling
down Flatbush Avenue
I shoot nobody
so call me a faggot when the war's over
I feed a faggot with two legs
everybody need to cut that shit out cuz
everybody in this room got at least a
gay cousin
usually was gay when y'all was kids you
slamball he was jumping rope
he turned gay he was gay then he just
say hey nobody BK with shit I got a gay
uncle call him
every Christmas he come over with his
friend she don't make no sister hate
nobody don't make no sense be a racist
or sexist or not
[Music]
and don't make no sense whoever you
hateful end up in your family that's
right you don't like gays you're gonna
have a gay son
you're like corner Egan's your
daughter's gonna come over and live it
up
[Music]
don't you just love that shit that's a
catchy ass so you just wanna jump up
there they go no way that's gonna be a
long time that's just like the Puerto
Rican whoops didn't
no but when I talk about my gay uncle
see your uncle's prepare you for life
and you got enough uncle's that we pay
you for life cuz if your uncle's you got
every type of uncle you got your game
you got your alcoholic lucky you got
your stealing uncle
you got your molester uncle I got no one
but Lester uncle and you know your
mama's like we have them kids there
later on you get molested your mama get
mad at you that's what you get fuckin
Johnny about that shit
now walk it off
- your family know about what they
Clinton did I didn't like raise taxes
taxes all high and shit not fuck about
taxes you don't even pay taxes they take
tax you get your check money done that
in a payment that's a Jackie got all
these taxes city tax state tax Social
Security tax you'll get the money to you
six to five meanwhile the average black
man dies at fifty
see wish again Social Security at 29
fuck man we don't live that long -
pinching high blood pressure
NYPD
what the fuck is up with the police my
god I'm scared I get rid of no guns
fuck that shit pull me off another they
scare me so bad made me think I stole my
own car get out the car get out the
fucking car
you stole this car my damn maybe I did
you know arson taxes was worse than
taxes insurance they've got to have
something shorter they're got to better
ensure they shouldn't be called
insurance they shouldn't call it in case
shit then I give a company some money in
case shit no and shit don't happen shut
you're not getting my money back
man you better have some medical
insurance are you gonna die that's right
everybody who you gotta eat right and
exercise nugget don't you need some
coverage coverage will save your life
that's right I mean we all go down but
at least if you got some carpets you
will die on a mattress that's right man
when I was like you never know insurance
we didn't have a damn thing you have to
be damn near death to see the doctor
that's why you had to be way past
robitussin as all we had when I was a
kid over time no matter what you got bro
percussive better heavenly daddy I got
asthma
Roberto I got cancer Roberto I broke my
leg daddy pardon Robert I stood on it
yeah boy I let that person get in their
barn yeah touch them get on down to the
bone
then touch the door to straighten out
the bone it's good if you run out of
touch and push the Lord in the jaw shake
it up
you know like doctors gonna don't cure
shit they don't cure nothing save this
Jesus but hang around since I was a kid
man what's the last shit of doctor cure
polio
how long ago polio was that's like the
first season of Lucy shit Fred had an
afro with finger way have you ever met
anybody with polio anybody feel a little
Polie around you no that's right he
don't cure shit save the seeds been
hanging outside the kid ain't sounds
Burcham doses cancer cherries kids still
living around I've been watching the
Jerry Lewis telethon for probably 16
years now not one stitch of progress
whatsoever
[Music]
[Music]
Steven Spielberg get some special
effects on this shit get George Lucas on
the case
CGI motherfucker CGI types of string
around and make a cripple puffiness of
shit to be where the fuck's the money
going where's the money going what you
keep jerry's half black
think about breaks are not to dead be
more than dead Sammy Davis dead Jerry
Lewis gonna bow head of black hair and
if you're cured the disease got to get
the jack
that's right you don't look like you're
in the dark end of a table dance
bangle dance for Christ Santa I'm sure
to make the wish people here that
request every now and then get the boy
table dance what do you want Jimmy you
get ready to die you want to meet Jim
Carrey now I want some big titties of a
face we got eggs out there you baby go
cure AIDS no they can't even cure
athlete's foot Thank You Rene she think
about this shoe hey nobody in the kill
the monies of the Madison is a bunch of
motherfucking drug dealers
[Music]
it's still mad all the money they lost
on polio cure a shit that's like
Cadillac making a car that last for 50
years and you know they can do it but
ain't gonna do nothing that fuck down
shit they got metal on the space shuttle
that's going around the moon and
withstand temperatures up for 20,000
degrees you mean to tell me you don't
think they can make an Eldorado with a
fuckin
[Music]
so what they will do with age is the
same thing they do with everything else
they will figure out a way for you to
live with they don't cure shit they just
patch it up get you to the next stop so
they can get more your money that's
right a folk cure hopefully and our
lifetime that's right you gonna see
somebody going yo man you weren't at
work yesterday what's up
and my AIDS is acting up you know when
the weather get like is my age is pop up
Roberto
[Music]
that's right babies here in there I took
maids test passed it got 65 you know
what's scary about the AIDS test was
scary about the SS you don't get the
results back for five days five days is
a long time and you know what happens in
those five days you start reflecting you
start thinking about everything as
distinct as questionable piece of sex
you ever had and everybody got a few oh
my god what the fuck was I thinking 1993
shit even have peace it's like a movie
Scrooge and the ghosts of put the past
Jesus
but you know what else happened after
you take a test you start calling up
people to see if they're alive help I
speak to Lisa this is Lisa
how can I speak to Tammy or Timothy
what happened she got hit by bus along
[Music]
[Music]
the man lease is still worth it or need
least a trying to get rid of it
something's either they just gave up on
my sub disease if you get up you own
your home they will have no telethon vq
r kelly ain't singing no song you just
got this shit that's right you get
paralyzed they don't got shit for you
look at christopher be paralyzed
Superman
man can't walk The Hulk won't get the
gap oh now you gonna tell the doctor you
paralyzed they don't got shit for you
like Doc I'm paralyzed what you got I
want to take this chair roll ya ass
around town fuck you guys are god damn
chair take this prescription to a
furniture store can't walk can't sit if
you go blind they don't got shit for you
look at Stevie Wonder
then glad my father's something years
got all the money in the world don't
love he got hundreds or one
[Music]
it's just a stack to Stevie it's just a
step they don't Stevie can't see shit
can see the day the night the shadow the
shade can't even get a bake just some
faith can't wait help Steven get a beat
get up eat the man wrote songs in the
key of life talking book and a business
do we get this brother a peek
you tell her doctor you blind he don't
got shit fight Oh doc I'm blind what you
got I want you to take this dog and have
the dog dragged your blind ass around
town damn shit with what go ahead
I want you come on give me a mission of
song that's right blind people should
get midgets all five people should get
mitches it's hard enough living life
when you're blind now they gotta learn
how to talk dogs what kind of shit is
that you can't see so you can't read the
dog lips the shoelace
JustGive blind people midgets if your
midget is already hard enough to get a
job just have the midget tell the blind
man winner go be a seeing-eye man just
walk the front of blind man like yo man
you gonna make it left
[Music]
racism everywhere everybody pissed all
black people yelling racism why people
yelling reverse racism Chinese people
yelling sideways very civil and the
Indians are yelling shit could they do
so everybody bitch about how bad they
people got a nobody got it worse than
the American Indian everybody need to
calm the fuck down and he's got it bad
and he's got it the works you know how
bad the Indians got it was the last time
you met two Indians you ain't never met
two in this shit I haven't seen a polar
bear rider fucking tricycle in my
lifetime I've never seen an Indian
family just chilled out of red
never seen it everybody want to save
environment should I see trees every
fucking day I'll never see no Indians I
would to the Macy's Thanksgiving Day
Parade this shit ain't even have enough
Indian sir that shit had a bunch of
pilgrims when it came time for the
Indians they have three real Indians and
the rest of the bunch of Puerto Ricans
with feathers
she not know Porto Ricans when I sell
you can't slip up or Tory get by me
that's now Pocahontas Jennifer Lopez
racism everywhere
who's the maddest people white people
not y'all y'all around paid money to see
me week oh the feud is over now you
watch the TV watch like 60 minutes to
see why people pissed off man mad the
white man thinks he's losing the country
you watch the news like we're losing
everything
and y'all losing who's winning
naina she she'd and a white man in this
food that would change places with me
not he would change places with me
[Music]
that's how good it is to be what there's
a white one leg busboy in here right now
that won't change places with my black
hat he's gonna nod but I don't want to
switch I'm gonna ride this white thing
out see where it takes me right cuz when
you white the skies to live it when you
black the limits the sky
now when it comes to racism all the most
racist people love for man the real most
faceless people old black men you find a
brother over six arrows from you white
people no an old black man you go Willie
at the job he's so nice Willie hates
show guts
not info races to the old black man you
know why cuz I old black man went
through some real racism can't go
through that I can't get a cab shit
he was the cab white man is jump on his
back Main Street
that's why about the old black man old
all black man he ain't gonna let you
fuck up his money
no ever old black man see the old white
man the old black man always kisses the
old white man's ass hey how you doing
sir
pleased to meet you whatever I can get
you you let me know who the white man
get out of Saudis life I wish that
cracker would've said some shit of me
salty ass mother white man come back
[Music]
I know
uncle real Prince my uncle be 55 years
old hates the white people bag to a
wetland and he said around go you know
these crackers ain't shit except for
Susan he tried to explain the whole
thing to me one day say yeah yeah yeah I
got a white wife I loved her she loved
me that's all that matter but I tell you
this as a revolution ever come I'll kill
her first
just to show these crackers
that's right man that's right now no
black know what we need ja what do we we
need a new leader we're gonna have a
black leader in a while and a long time
somebody that moves you you know we you
know we have Martin Luther King Malcolm
X and ever since then a bunch of
substitute teachers we have the real
thing
what a motherfucking to move me oh we
gotta leave break everybody down let me
break them down we gotta I'll shop
shopping right here Michael my mom but
if you get your ass whooped by the cops
you got a call
of course out kind of looks like Bookman
from good times but but don't let that
fuck you up
who else we got a Jesse Jackson Jesse I
Jesse went over there just think I come
hostages I don't know how the hell he
did that shit he went over there with no
money no sweet potato pie what the fuck
the Jesse's say Jesse wants to be like
hey you want the United States to really
be mad at you get a hostages to me
you know he said Farrakhan I'm talking
everybody together Million Man March the
Jews which is bird I get my head cut on
the cow battle I ain't never been in the
barbershop and heard a bunch of brothers
talking about Jews black people don't
hate you black people hate why three fun
we don't got time to dice white people
up in a little groups
hey I'm remaining a remaining
man and nobody got no leaders when
something happened we make this shit
bigger than it is
shit's big but don't make it bigger than
it ends I'm watching the news it like
Tupac Shakur was assassinated biggest
smalls SAS baby struck down by assassins
bullets and SAS they like day what
Martin Luther King was assassinated
shit I love - I love biggie but school
will be open on their first day I'll be
gonna sit in pictures hanging up in your
grandmama living room
that's Abraham bar and then pop and
right here I got one of Jesus and biggie
on a seesaw Jesus always a name
I need a little man need a leader man
you know I think the black leader should
be who I think the black leadership be
Pat Riley coach Pat rod
no man has led more black men to the
promised land then coach Pat Brown he
may not get us to the mountaintop but he
didn't get us in a playoff and that's
all we bought that's all we bought so we
gots a lot of women here tonight love
the women big fat black women give me a
sister about 350 pounds the best people
in the whole world you know why we live
in a society with nobody likes who the
fuck they are
everybody's on Prozac and some shit
everybody's getting cosmetic surgery
nobody likes you the fuck they are
except fat black women
fuck what you think she going out on
Friday night she got an outfit fashion
match she got the
that's right look like they bacon bread
in her shoe
hey baby you foot ready yet I was
bringing some cinnamon on it that's
right she gonna ankle it all and I acted
holding on for dear life go get mom
that's right you want some of this so
you can live it up
[Music]
where their weapon winner what do y'all
want what the fuck do y'all want do you
know what you want do you know where
you're going dude you're like my thing
to like the show we do do you know what
the fuck do women want
I know what you want everything every
fucking thing woman act like life is
just a big sale shit I'm gonna get the
most shit befo things closed down fuckin
life is too warmer everything you know
[Music]
I'm closed seemed very attainable don't
that women women women's are the finger
woman I was it's a heart being a guy
that we always think we could buy sex
like if a picker here should give myself
for by this should give me some she had
nothing gets you none she the woman
knows she's gonna fuck you within the
first five minutes of meeting
I hope you don't say nothing to stupid
slide fellas don't say nothing to stupid
cuz women are all about the move and
she's in the mood to fuck dish could
have you say the wrong thing them
panties are coming up might've been
and she been on the phone with a
girlfriend yeah a child I was gonna give
a son but he didn't started talking
yakety yak yak yak at man child
relationships either to get it to hard
to maintain why it is so hard to
maintain coz it's hard to keep up the
lie because you can't get nobody being
you you got to lie to get somebody you
can't get nobody looking like you look
acting like you at sounding like you
sound I said when you meet somebody for
the first time you're not meeting their
you meeting they're representing
[Laughter]
yeah who's the biggest liars middle one
man men why the most women tell the
biggest lie then we lie all the time we
lie so much as damn their language it's
right to call a man out for line it's
like playing basketball with a retarded
kid and called him for double dribble
you gotta let some shit slide you just
gotta let some shit slide man we all the
time we tell you don't have men's lives
like a man so I was like how's that Tony
house I make it a house that's a man's
life
a woman's lies like it's your baby
[Music]
well we've all heard that one hey hey
don't even look like me
oh he's got your hat
who's the biggest lies women the biggest
lies biggest I look at you all of you
[Music]
your online only a fucking lies Matthews
with a lot the visual life look at you
you got all the heels you ain't that
tough
you gotta make up your face so little
like that you gotta leave your head down
you got a Wonder Bra antennas ain't that
big
everything about you is a lie
you expect me to tell the truth yeah
middle I we lie we live lies that's why
we're so crazy every time we catch
ourselves living a lot we create a whole
lot of world around us
for instance every man in this room
behind some porno in his house
everything in had got a pornography
stash in the crib not an illegal amount
just enough to get you by and when we
are porno we go all out any behind the
frigerator under the bed no we become
Batman when it's time to hide support oh
that's right you hit the light switch
the whole bookshelf shit to the side you
go down two flights of stairs into your
porno cellar Janet Jack me yes
chubby car jenna jameson that's true but
women always find the porno always buy
the porno but they don't find it in the
porno hiding place
oh no no where the women find the porno
ass in the VCR
and fellas are like damn how can I be so
dumb to leave it in the BC yeah I'll
tell you why go when you jerk it off get
in your right state of mind
your grades are cloud in body I'll tell
you exactly what happened one day your
woman left early
you had the whole house to yourself see
he said hey let me get a little jerk
before work so you and the house getting
you jerk on nice good jerk too we know
that ain't nobody in the house jerk
that's a good jerk right there somebody
in the next room jerk that's a bad trick
that's like who did
I don't like that jerk I love about the
good sure that nobody ain't home jerk
but you got the Vaseline ready and you
just look at your dick and go scream if
you want to no one's in here and right
in your relationships of trouble that's
right so if you can't share what you
like you won't have some problems that's
right when you're building nerves and my
little love everything about you have to
love the crust of a motherfucker you
can't just love the white part of the
bread you gotta love the crust the
crumbs a little fucking crumbs at the
bottom of the toaster that's what the
motherfucking is whenever you into your
woman gotta be in do two and vice versa
of the shit ain't gonna work it ain't
gonna work
that's right if you born a kid you want
to be born again - if you a crackhead
you're when we got be a crackhead - on
this shit won't work you can't be like
I'm going to church wheeze on hit your
pipe
that relationship ain't going nowhere
well two crackheads can stay together
forever that's right what's gonna happen
you're gonna stop that's right
stop talking stop something fellas
you've been in bed with your woman
you're both talking dirty and you go too
far you say some shit that get you
kicked out of bed and the woman's I fuck
me harder harder fuck me daddy fuck me
fuck me fuck me all right
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
your eyes no expedito shit but y'all
fellas and the daughter talk dirty to
your woman you got to talk with
authority you'll get a woman to do any
nasty little thing you want you said I
should like a man make a little eye
contact bouillabaisse your boy she won't
do that shit she wants to do that shit
she's dying to do that shit your woman
is nastier than you ever imagined but
but you gotta come correct cause
anything you mumble ain't getting done
you can't be in bed all on the shore
like excuse me excuse me excuse me I was
wandering in and I was wondering if I
might have a requested did you ever lick
my balls
see if you the centre-right get a bit in
there now you got drop-off
that's right confidence always wins you
realize it is 1999 some women still
don't give head 99 whenever I meet a
girl it doesn't give a head I look like
a damn Betamax like they still make
and when it comes ahead there's three
types of women three types of woman when
it comes to head hey women that don't
give head by leaps hear me women that
give you a just enough head to shut you
up
yeah meet the woman
[Laughter]
[Music]
I hate the weather and number three my
favorite woman the woman that like
nothing better than a second dick that's
a god bless Holly is right you make the
world a better place to live I want you
to suck my dick like you think that
antidote City what you try to get your
over tested out there
too hard to maintain why it is so hard
to maintain cuz at some point you just
stopped talking that's right everybody
stops talking after why you know how you
just come home and start not yeah yeah
we cool we cool yeah yeah we'll get us
up here
younggu why do you stop talking cuz at
some point you've heard everything this
person has to say and it makes you sick
to your stomach
you know what they goes safer' 40 but
come out they mouth and you just want to
stab them in the neck with a pencil you
can't take this shit no more and they're
like oh you're like a movie that time
yeah member that time every day but so
yeah you talk about the town
stop telling me the same shit over and
over again watching us get kidnap have
solution abotu you it's right it's right
fellas you gotta talk you gotta talk
fellas you got to talk that's woman's
biggest complaint you don't talk you
don't pop you know talk you need to talk
let's talk
you don't talk that's why women love to
talk and this right bad talking in the
Olympics of men wouldn't stand a chance
women but women don't want you to
whatever just want you to listen listen
so all the woman really wants you to do
is ask the correct questions
[Music]
[Laughter]
you set it up shield knock them down
fellas you want your woman to be happy
all you got to say is how was your day
how was your day honey how was your day
you know why cuz how was your day is a
45-minute conversation to a woman and as
a man you don't really got it Paul you
gotta just act like you're talking like
uh-huh get out of here go I don't
believe it you know get out I don't
believe you don't say
get out of here I told you that bitch
crazy you kind of throwing I told you
that bitch screams you know why because
every woman's got another woman at her
job that she can't stand and women y'all
exaggerate everything you always turned
it into some dynasty shit like she's
trying to destroy me what are you
talking about you wrap up bags and JC
Penney's what's she doing ripping up
your PayPal sorry fellas you gotta talk
women exact opposite yeah I learned what
not to talk that's right you ever knows
how man comes home straight from work no
man comes home straight from work