thank you
I deserve that
I'm really good
a statue amoebans currently ranked
number one in the world
so buckle up you guys are in for a treat
19,000 people this is awesome thank you
seriously
don't look around it's 19,000 people
watch that TV they never know they're so
stupid that's why they watch TV oh it's
great to be here in the OC diversity
that's what I like about the OC you know
between upper middle and upper my people
is there anything more annoying than the
poor always complaining oh I can't
afford it two-bedroom townhouse for
$600,000 good movies yeah that's what
the middle of the country is for people
that gave up on their dreams
oh that's gonna sting isn't it tourists
all right how much longer do it now holy
cow that opening did not take long with
them another 55 minutes I tell you how
long minim stage I think that's nice
I don't have to you ever been in church
Nick hey when's this far car gonna wrap
it up we got kickoff
why does God hate football season I wish
he would arrest it on a Wednesday
it's so hard to be a Christian in the
West Coast time zone
I probably shouldn't talk about church
as they fucking in the same sentence
or on Comedy Central I they don't want
me to swear but uh I love to swear and I
don't know that I'm not allowed to swear
right what if I die get up to heaven and
God's like hey man welcome to fucking
heaven
all right what did she say he's like
welcome to fucking heaven but you can
swear it
it's fucking handed Oh
see I was always raised a child never to
swirling where the Bible is I say can't
fucking swear no fucking where he's like
yeah now you're getting it by the West
on some slutty bitches by the pearly
gates I'm gonna tap that then get man my
whoops he's like no I'm kidding you're
not in heaven you're in hell you're on
par oh damn you asking that one was
elaborate
way to go the extra mile even in the
afterlife your douchebag
hope you enjoyed sherry bein a geriatric
for eternity am i right it's so gross I
hope I get famous in my early 20s so I
can settle down and marry some
middle-aged four-year-old with a bunch
of kids that will throw the scent off
the gay trail I guess it has a
disadvantage
women like that game you married a
younger man because guys do it all the
time and no one gets some grief for but
if a woman does it becomes an issue okay
but the flip side to that is how about
when a hot female teacher bangs a
fourteen-year-old student and nobody in
society really has a problem with it
they all said the same stupid joke
uh-huh probably with the kid more
popular that's disgusting
she's a pedophile she should be in
prison forever I did it a teacher in
high school yeah it didn't make me
cooler
a lot of be like that's cuz you were
homeschooled malloc valid boy
doesn't mean I'm a bad person it just
means statistically I'm smarter than you
are
and I had gained
Oh
a leopard can carry two times his body
weight into a tree I don't have a joke
for that yet but it is accurate and just
in case you hate my stand-up at least
you can leave bone you know what I
learned something that guy's like a damn
Snapple right you might not like the
flavor but once you pop the top at all
the Sun is hot
45 million degrees Fahrenheit it feels
warmer Tahoe's west of LA bullshit
Snapple then it's all a globe but I'm
like I'm sorry Snapple oh you are always
right got to seal up the borders in this
country that's for sure oh yeah I'm not
talking about Mexico either I love
Mexico Oh beautiful beaches and $50
never bought me so much weight sure
there were branches in it I don't care
what a garbage bag I was king for a day
I'm talking about Canada stay in your
own yard so sick of these Canadians down
you're always complaining right uh it's
nice here but I couldn't live your love
seasons too much I love season soon why
that's why I live in a place it skips
the shitty ones because I love seasons
don't you ice skate your ass back up to
your log cabin
and enjoy that 10-month dead period
where he gets a stay inside day after
day and eventually have to stab your
wife that just so you can see some color
oh that's my favorite season where your
wife is lying dead on the floor those
Reds am i right it's like Maine we
should get Lobster I don't think I could
ever stab somebody because I'm really
bad with the Capri Sun and other reasons
that even few would laugh at this is my
water I wish it didn't have that many
rotations to take the lid off had I
known that I would have pre screwed it
two turns mmm delicious sometimes I feel
bad because secretly I hope New Orleans
gets nailed again but but but but then I
don't
what you'd rather spend billions
rebuilding the city this below sea level
I've got another business plan cut our
losses and finish the job Lord I'm sorry
said one guy yeah that's like you know
what I came to a comedy club
I hope there's jokes and sarcasm the
rest you are
I'm a half full guy New Orleans gets
flooded I say to myself and any city in
this country needed a bath it was New
Orleans that Cajuns are dirty that's a
fact that's French and redneck merging
that's a hygiene combination Nalini
first breaking tackle
and I'm not I'm not somebody that
doesn't understand why you would oh we
had a horrible tragedy on country that's
not bad enough what's right around the
corner to make everything worse blatant
racism and it was obvious in New Orleans
we all know wasn't as black people
looting that's for sure
there were tons of Mexicans there there
were and nobody was pointing the finger
I will I see a Jose drop the VCR the
holiday is stealing a VCR for anyway
they don't even make VHS tapes why don't
you steal a TiVo that's what I would
steal but I don't have to because I'm
white and I've had one for three years
that's that's not racial that's a fact
I've almost had one for four years I'm
not going to say that how does that make
the joke better I've had a team over
four years right who's the dead
so I say three years to soften it
wherever you live there's risk emitting
we accept that we live here Oh
California we have earthquakes mudslides
the rest of the country thinks it's
hysterical beg haha that's what you guys
get for building your houses on the side
of cliffs that's because we have shit to
look at Tulsa yeah
once you keep your mouth shut and enjoy
that new strip mall oh here they're
gonna put a Chili's in it that's gonna
be super sweet
on Thursdays you're doing two full on
appetizers I'm gonna go pizza pop or you
can spinach artichoke dip I want to get
chicken fingers you're getting a chicken
Caesar salad it's different kind
Oh a joke is long and worth it
didn't he loves to get fisted sock
puppets aah
that joke is adorable I wrote that joke
so children could watch my show on TV
and not be embarrassed in front of their
parents
I was watching the country music channel
the other day night al asleep and I woke
up racist oh that explains the holes in
my Linens saw guys driving on the
highway with his bare foot out the
window
can we agree that that's disgusting
right Saul is going to pull next to him
to scream at that I realized was an
amputee making a left I know but I had
already started to yell so my Oh your
blinkers out and he waved her kids
received the information if anybody ever
ask you for directions we have to point
point of four fingers the look on their
face to be the funniest thing you saw
all day long
he's marionettes over there
are you yelling at me nothing's good
that way to the left that's how you get
there well then you should have asked
the walrus
my girlfriend is Korean for this joke
and we met online
appearing jokes about it but that's not
how he Bay works you research wait for
one without a reserve none of this buy
it now I don't have a girlfriend
uh-huh she got so mad she hated I always
corrected her and I tell her how do you
think it made me feel knowing I was
dating someone that was always wrong and
I'm in show business oh she would get so
jealous when I cheated on her and I
would tell her maybe if you had a better
body I wouldn't have to instead of
owning on it you get on a treadmill that
on eight with an incline because I'm not
gonna stick around with that fat she's
like I'm not fat I'm pregnant I'm like
whatever it's gross now make me a
sandwich
then give her kidney shot not a hard one
to say you know I love honey turkey oh
oh he likes Turkey I need more iron in
my diet that's a bruise - do I owe you
punch burning Grover then she wasn't
pregnant she's pro-choice that make you
uncomfortable move to South Dakota I
hear they're taking rights
you're the south dakota's the first
state in our country to make abortion
completely illegal yeah and it doesn't
affect me because good luck fun in
someone in South Dakota that I'd have
sex with Oh
have you seen them
there is no town on that team that's a
triple-a Club at best
and if you're not pro-choice all that
means you've never slept the stripper in
Kansas City because that's a phone call
no man wants guess who's going to be
joining us for breakfast cinnamon jr.
not of my $700 has anything to say about
it
not clean it out
I know but he had a really bad dad
I'm reading the crowd
one more abortion joke you got it all
right I could talk I could tell I do
this for a living
have you heard about this morning after
pill or as I like to call it breakfast
in bed that a few women have taken it
and died a few days later Oh talk about
two birds oh yeah
looks like I will be going to the game
this weekend fellas drinks are on me I
had a great week
pokers a sport and put it in the
Olympics
and he can only play with where your
country's worth
how great would that be being Americans
looks like Costa Rica is all in with 15
coconuts we're gonna call Lost luego
small blonde chin the limp go cry about
your bad Beach in Nicaragua they got
gone do you guys even give on my shows
about ah dude I'm talking about bringing
the troops home
that's the message it's not obvious but
it's there bring the troops home
tomorrow and continue the war here
because we owe it to our troops but I'm
slitting their own beds with their
families wake up in the morning have a
delicious breakfast drive to war
we can have it in Nebraska we don't need
that horrible state like a Muirfield
some of you like oh it's not nice then
we wouldn't have any corn my SUV doesn't
run on corn ethanol is a dream dumb one
and let's not pretend that anyone in
here likes Nebraska have you ever
wondered whether storm chasers an hour
and Omaha looking for a tornado to take
me anyplace get me the hell out of there
oh no wonder the most attics will stay
on the ground
and yes I do that joke in Omaha
and I stare at them while I'm saying it
and I'm sure they'd love to scream at me
but they can't because they're too busy
in fried mayonnaise hole I'll get to you
later boy these are delicious
Oh server another bucket quick that for
my blood moving
Peter fireworks which do you go to
fireworks of course I don't have a joke
for the moron that yells right I would
go to a parade I'm here alone because I
make horrible decisions
I don't even know when a parades
finished do you like ah is that it can
we go I'd like to wash the gay off me
and it's sticky fireworks you know when
they're finished the finale it's pretty
impressive
parades could learn a thing or two they
need a finale my recommendation one more
lap 60 times the speed our bands are
full sprint floats going 80 midgets
falling off because their little fingers
they can't hold on drag so kids are
catching a mom can we keep them I don't
see why not they're not real they're not
they can't even vote our country okay
they can vote but then no clue who they
picked you're jumping up grabbing lovers
and that's the story of how President
Bush won the election
oh yes idea oh that's your kind of happy
ending mmm
just like it bless you they say bless
you because they used to believe evil
spirits were in your soul
so whenever I've to sneeze I encourage
my friends to be I get out of him get
out of here you reference knees and you
can't sneeze and that the worst feeling
doing it means an angel heaven faked an
orgasm it's true I read that in
Revelations or had a messed-up dream
either way it was hard to believe
my jeans faded your jeans with holes in
them yet they're not this old that's how
we bought them that's ridiculous I say
give them brand into the homes let them
age it then take it back
wash it sell it that way we can clothe
the homeless but we can still look down
on them because you're not in style
we need glasses know your role
would you love that one mine isn't
buying happiness do you live in America
because it buys a waverunner
you ever seen a sad person on the
waverunner have you seriously have you
seriously try to frown on a wavefront
they're so awesome it's just throttle
people smile as they hit the pier
because you forget you need gas to turn
it goes against your natural instincts
some of you aren't laughing we all miss
your cousin but not not laughing is not
going to bring him back I don't think
that's right he's dead for a reason he
was a show-off he tried sprays I didn't
want to get wet I yelled at his mother
at the funeral do you like how I start
jokes with mass appeal and continue to
only six people the clue what I'm
talking about
that's not a good style that doesn't
make you famous
of course money buys happiness you ever
seen a homeless person skip the answer
that riddles no they're not allowed I
once saw a homeless person start to skip
bobblehead rang the dome he forgot the
rules remember next time yeah I threw it
I don't care why is he happier than me
shouldn't be I'm rich Spears if you're a
girl say that I'm not religious but I'm
spiritual
I'm crippled I'm not honest but you're
really interesting
let's have cider and talk about your
crazy caps maybe three hours from now I
can dry hump you
No okay then scattegories at second base
in christian baseball some loose girls
plays a singing off slow down ladies I
am all for women that decide to get
plastic surgery because plastic surgery
allows you the rare opportunity to make
your outer parents reflect your inner
appearance fake which is a positive feel
for women unless of course you have fake
boobs let's be honest you're not bright
enough to get that joke how's that feel
whores
yeah just keep telling yourself you need
to see your shirts would fit better you
did it because you're a whore you forgot
because you're stupid
enjoy your free drinks I'll buy I love
big titties you got big titties and
top-shelf small titties mmm beer in a
can you ever been to a third-world
country not a boob job in the bunch yet
they still find happiness that's
discouraging because they're tough to
look at no no I know you have a harelip
but when I'm working a track first I'm
from America don't speak your Buddha
Buddha language by the way I hate soccer
and we wonder why other countries think
for a trainwreck we have shows like The
Swan extreme makeover I don't want to
develop a personality you're better off
cutting my face am I happy and Emma
it is expression I ordered happy
put me on extreme makeover I'd like a
vagina under my arm
yeah that's extreme
I don't know if they can do this surgery
whatever I signed the waiver let's go
doc drill you know how I like it 5/16
and you juicy like a starburst this joke
gets worse hang in there my friends make
you look different about ya oh man are
you ticklish oh yeah come on guys two
fingers there you go yeah that feels so
good
now I know why I call you best friends I
think it's pretty obvious that I don't
pan your man but just in case there's
any women in here that a pad plastic
surgery or considering getting plastic
surgery know that I'm just making light
of a social issue I don't give a shit
either way at all please save your
breath don't come up to me after show
Vig I've got fake boobs and I'm not
stupid
that's the only thing I've come up with
to make that moment equally
uncomfortable for you I know you're not
stupid I'm telling jokes I've had
plastic surgery I could care less who
knows I have hole do you think I am hmm
I'm 59 I am check my myspace page you
can't lie on there
I'm 59 my lips are not as voluptuous
I don't know if you're familiar with the
procedure a lot of times we'll take some
for your back section injected in your
lips what I don't have a lot back there
so I was forced to use my dick fat
because I've always been told I have a
fat dick that's why I wear black condoms
because they're slimming
that's a joke I don't wear condoms I
don't I don't it's against my religion
I'm kind of mad that you asked do you
know how hard it is to grow up when
you're a little bit different than all
the other kids every day in school I
would hear it
there goes Daniel he's got a fat fat
dick
and I would run home crying mother
why is my dick so fat and she'd be like
because your real father Samoan is that
why I hate the rock and she said yes and
then we watched the run down and we wept
and yes chronologically this joke makes
no sense at all but I don't know anymore
Samoans so the rock is my dad
oh yeah guess who has cat-like reflexes
me thank you
mm-hmm cat-like reflexes watch this you
do that every time ladies
am i right
I'll put it in all right let's edit out
that mean oh my dad my mom would
absolutely
so disgusting what's wrong with me
chapstick you know I'm gonna tell you
something chapstick first of all if your
man and you put chapter on you have to
put it on all the way around you can't
just put on the bottom let it go I mean
you can but then you have to keep the
chapstick in your asshole
which isn't a bad idea because I'm
always losing my chapstick my favorite
part of the day is when my upper lip
gets dry enough that I can tuck it in
and it stay I'm always like yeah it's
this time because it reminds me of how
shallow I really am because I can meet
the most beautiful woman in the world
but her lip was like that I bet oh no
way seriously somebody give me a stick
I'm gonna beat this mutant hey here's a
joke that's not going to work but I have
to do it why because there are people
out there that will find this funny and
I'm not so selfish that I don't care
about them as well I'm sick of the media
making female sports athletes into
supermodels when they're clearly six is
at best
I don't need to be told how hot Danica
Patrick is you really think she's
beautiful Danica
she's 411 and bullying if you ever
watched her walk to her Carla oh there's
nothing hot about her
maybe it's sexy when her hair's blowing
in the wind as she's in last place I'm
Maria Sharapova she's breathtaking
really when she was 13 and grunting I
was into it but now it doesn't do much
for me it's like the Olsen twins it's
just gotten sad
I kind of hope one of them Odie's so I
can stop guessing
applause break on a joke I've never said
before on my special that's rarely just
saying I'm not Tooting my own horn I've
never said that my life fucking him
Robin up here god it's unbelievable
I can Kegel 75 pounds is that a lot is
that good I'm told it's good
three sets of 4e
it's already mandated you have a
ponytail right now I swear to God I
wanna see cute you ever gone until now
you know you were just gonna help me
like by hey hey a man with a ponytail
saying hey don't fuck with me while I'm
in of pigtails is saying here hold these
while you fuckin it's a subtle
difference but it speaks volumes it's
all about that part
do you think there's any case of polite
Tourette's in the world like one random
person that yells out random compliments
for no reason at all lovely smile
sorry happy disease you make don't worry
about that was nice lovely hat
the two examples is enough next joke how
does Superman fly faster can anyone
answer me this but not a soup I get that
he can fly except that I just want to
know how he flies faster is it just like
more this is the only part I don't
understand
does he have different settings like oh
this is my cruising speed I can one arm
it with the bitch
I just need some nerd to talk to me for
Sheila
she will happen when the planet exploded
and I'll tell you what a vagina feels
like
are we even there's actually a blood
test out there where you can find out if
your kid is gay or not yeah it's an HIV
test I know okay I know
it's not a great joke but it's 100%
accurate so I hope we find a cure for
every major disease because I'm tired of
walking 5k I'm pretty sure I don't have
to sweat for cancer already check I have
high-definition television because I
felt a lack of resolution was affecting
my ability to solve cases on CSI I need
some more clarity in this house have
this case wrapped up in a half an hour
that way I don't have to listen to Gil
Grissom ramble on about bugs we did it
you like maggots you're weird
boom this perk
did you guys hear that it's weird that
I'm actually mad because earlier today I
had a blackened chicken wrap and they
forgot the ranch and when I burp I like
you know what I am mad again there was
no ranch honest like that burp would
have been better had there been ranch
then it may see the Oprah Winfrey
episode where she had a little girl in
there born with a rare disease where she
didn't feel pain like she's put her hand
on stove she knows hot she'd leave it
there it was a nightmare for the parents
had it second her child constantly to
make sure she wasn't her because she
would never cry and I got so sad because
at that moment I realized I can never
have kids that was my kid I would have
been like honey we have to talk
hard kid is a fucking superhero
yes here I got in a UFC fight this
weekend
I don't know I think she's gonna do
great I snapped from six hours ago she
didn't tap out I love her she will be
the next voice Gracie I love that Kobe
Bryant puts out a commercial this year
hate me because I'm a champion hate me
because of my work ethic it's like we
hate you because you were accused of
rape planet does he live in where he's
like seriously Gus why are they pissed
off because of the rape are you sure it
doesn't add up I love basketball I love
college basketball and I'm happy that
the NBA finally made a rule change
forcing high school athletes to play at
least one year of college ball it's a
great rule change for college basketball
I came up with one more just for college
why not let white players get one more
point
hey who cares I'm not going to affect
the games at all going to make them feel
like they're contributing a valuable
lesson to learn in college and will mine
the black Athens no matter how hard they
try in this country they'll always make
less than their white counterpart
laughter is the right response white
people going is ridiculous you reap the
benefits you just don't like it thrown
in your face I hate making more money
for no reason secretly I love it
I was one of the black people in here to
see me go oh so they make oh that must
be one of the good white people but
you're not and that's why they're gonna
shoot you after the show
Oh how's that Billy a cracker right
though I'll make sure all your kids
don't throw
I missed YouTube mark
but level you act like they don't
understand why the rest of the world may
hate our country with a game show in our
country called Survivor
that's a game in our country where you
can win a million dollars for surviving
30 days in a place where people already
live
do you realize what kind of message that
says I've been here for 60 years may I
have some bread no or Americans this is
a game we don't have our cell phones
this is really hard I didn't get service
here anyway I'm a singular they merged
with AT&T; empu step double the bars I
have no bars I hate this island of Guam
ha buoy which I thought was a shampoo by
Paul Mitchell it's not that's a hot
gluing it smells
you can't celebrate in football anymore
that's a rule change are you kidding me
if I score a touchdown which is unlikely
because I want undrafted yet again
despite a solid 40 any great hands I
will celebrate I'm not going to point to
the heavens either I'm gonna go like
this
because God is everywhere
he is he's in my soul he can be in yours
you have to invite him he's like a
vampire the dude's got rules stop
celebrating and just do your job their
jobs to catch a ball I don't care if you
get in the endzone have a 10-minute Tea
Party it's a game just don't get mad at
me when you're paralyzed from the neck
down being carted off the field cuz some
free safety took your head off and you
see me and the stands going oh oh oh
dance now you overpaid clown how does it
feel no God hates you maybe be a dough
sponsor a vegetable
yeah Mon all you want
I love defense hey thanks that's what
she and I start in my section usually
118 lower bowl you see me in a football
game I got a big letter D I'm going D my
friend Carl he's got a fence chain-link
not white picket we're not faggots one
of us is scoops but sex is a lot like
spinach if you're forced to have it as a
child you won't enjoy it as an adult am
i right
saw a guy wearing a what would Jesus do
bracelet and a Lance Armstrong bracelet
and he went up to his blind kid and
rubbed his eyes and the kid could see
and he wasn't used to the light and it
was bright and he walked into traffic
and was killed instantly okay people are
laughing I'm going to call you half-full
because you're focusing on the important
part of the story the bracelets are
working
I took my what would Jesus do bracelet I
put on my Jewish friends wrist it burned
his skin he threw it on the ground that
turned into a serpent we both started
laughing we left it there we hate snakes
we think they're slimy even though we
know they're not
you get the joke I'm making fun of
people to take the bracelets to
literally they're not magical they're a
reminder to be a better person to live a
better life and if you need to rubber
band around your wrist to be that here's
an idea take it off and snap yourself in
the eye and see if that wakes you I wore
what would Jesus do bracelet and a movie
hitter wants to see if it or guys cell
phone went off one of those obnoxious
rings where it's a song and he doesn't
want to answer it because the good parts
coming mm-hmm and he answers the phone
in the theater what's going on now I'm
in the movies this is what I said
verbatim and not gonna censor myself hey
buddy get off the phone please
this is what he says to me shut up in
mind your own business asshole now now
there's trouble in River City I'm a man
not much of one but a man I will choke
you if you're younger smaller and
preferably white
I had my hands on his neck and I saw my
bracelet staring right back at me
what would Jesus do so I lit him on fire
and send to hell I did
I had to amen
I waste so much time in my life I could
have accomplished so much more but I
have no dreams like real dreams I sit at
home thinking about how come nobody from
Lamborghini ever pulls up next music hey
man you want this car
fuck yeah I do Lamborghini today this
never happened
I think that's wasted energy I want to
get rich enough life that I can afford
to release it dozen doves every time I
walk into a room
you know people where did you see that a
guy come out of the bathroom
the one with dogs he's beautiful
I bet that's John woos kid Oh balcony
appreciating a whoo reference front row
God is going yes the rest of you Google
hate you google it caused a lot of
problems in my relationship I shared a
computer with my girlfriend she'd look
up anything I look up apple stick she
said to a but asian ass porn and
stealing Google's like I'll take it from
here
I know exactly what you're looking up
well every time you can add its Asian
ass for all I ask if you let her type
three letters before you jump to such a
bold conclusion it's bad enough I'm
clearing my history every three hours
and changing my passwords I'm trying to
have an honest relationship and you were
fucking my shit up and guess what what
are looking up Asian ass porn guess who
has all the time in the world oh I do
I've got the house lock the plantation
shutters are closed my keyboard is in a
safe but reachable distance do you
appreciate the picture I am painting
I am jerking it in this joke this is
highbrow stuff guys
oh I'm gonna be so famous I shape all my
pubes I don't know why I looked at you
when I said that but I thought you would
appreciate it
why because I'd like to have the fastest
sex ever that's why I got three and a
half seconds on my best time
congratulations little Phelps good check
off swimming joke got one
I wrote that joke with my friends a
swimmer is like wanna shave all your
pubes like why are you in my bathroom
because I enjoy watching you poo and I'm
like okay no more slumber parties that's
creepy
sure I do it adorable both elbows on the
knees fingers crossed chin down that's
my business close the door I got the
Bellagio come to my house I don't need
an audience
hi bra poop dope
my father said impossible I said nay top
that Bob Newhart
do you love goose down feathers do you
have the trifecta mattress pad pillows
comforter oh whoa it's like sleeping in
heaven till that quill comes through the
pillowcase and sticks you in the eye
he says how's that feel bitch you like
sleeping on my carcass do you goose why
do you hurt so good maybe a higher
thread count 600 does a trick with
sleeping on 12 that's hey spend the
money it's 1:30 err life
sorry my nose is hello Carol Burnett's
daughter I think I'm too young for that
reference and it doesn't warn on all
when I die which is gonna be in four
years yeah it's the only thing I can
plan I'm gonna be cremated from the neck
down
yeah then at my funeral people are
talking about me they have to hold my
head and then the end if it kicked me in
the audience and the audience has to
keep me up for at least three hits we
have to start the whole service over and
no cradle it
I want legit sex anyone think arch
you guys day dream about being on The
Price is Right as much as I do
contestant throw the last bit of the
sweet spot what are you gonna do your
last bitter one door does your hoodie
sweatshirt say I go to the University if
I waste my bid because that's what you
just did
that's a dumb the best bid statistically
you have to muster up some card to go
okay I need to know what the highest bid
was set okay 781 ruins your day didn't
that lady huh
you got an awfully small window hope you
nailed it I don't know why you want to
nail it anyway so you can go onstage
reaching some old guys pocket for $100
bill my grandpa's do that all the time
there was no $100 bill there's a hole is
pocket no underwear on
excuse me don't you go oh my grandpa was
a great man if he wanted his balls
touched by a little boy he was gonna get
it he shed blood for your freedoms and
don't you forget it
I think I'm on the wrong side of that
one
I get it
you ever say the silent prayer when you
see the old lady spinning the wheel
hoping once in your lifetime she gets
caught and eveness snaps are back right
now in a pool of blood comes around and
lands on a dollar Bob starts peeing
himself he can't hold a lot of that age
it's dangerous so he's peeing laugh and
get up bitch and a bonus spin take the
bonus spin seriously what are the Greens
worth boat has been five thousand that
is a lot of coin say slow your heart
rate down they're going to bid more
effectively in the showdown now you're
in the one seat you two better pass
bitter pass pass of course it's rookie
the first showdown carpet captain edge
set I'm not on the queer prices right Am
I
I sign up in a straight one yeah I'm
gonna send that south I'd like the
second showdown that when I was a wave
and ran a camper it's a white-trash
starter kit I know I know a lot of you
like we don't even have a trailer hit
screw it can't be your driveway maybe be
mine inflatable pools your kid can drown
or maybe you could spend more than $100
on a pool you're a horrible parent and
I'm glad your grass died are we down to
six people
perfect okay okay well I don't get the
last part I mean obviously the left the
grass I was at me well if you leave the
pool for a day or it kills your lawn I
run an apartment well jokes clearly not
for you maybe if you're nice he'll do a
poor version later before I won't I will
not
I heart President Bush uh President Bush
has done some great things I don't know
if you're aware of this but all the
seven extending daylight savings time
two months longer yeah I'm aboard thank
you that's great
do you not know this next year is too
much longer there's not new months like
wrecked over and Toyota thon which I'm
sure he tried uh what are you talking
about
never mind I'm gonna go to the ranch
I'll see in seven weeks my school got my
last one short okay first of all
daylight savings time was created for
farmers and there's only four of them
left so I don't think they want half the
calendar year I say keep it 5050 but
instead of one hour Ford
ready ready five hours forward socket
by the way if you ever have a job where
you have to give speeches in front of
people
pepper in the phrase socket very
empowered just right as you can see from
our PowerPoint presentation suck it and
your clients wait did he say suck it I
like this guy
is it go-getter
okay I say cheat one a five hours for
because people with nine-to-five jobs
you've gotten so selfish and complacent
with the daylight you get it all the
time people that work at night a third
of this country according to a survey
and made it for this joke
we get robbed it's not fair half here
five hours forward means the sun's
rising at noon means I don't feel extra
piece of shit every morning when I'm
waking up I'm like wow the Sun is just
now coming up on my mail letter and get
groceries today time for me to turn this
life around
starting tomorrow because today there's
Laguna Beach marathon MTV and I'm gonna
get caught up on season three try to
figure out why they're so fucking ugly
this year
and jokes not even over are you kidding
me
and sexually transmitted diseases would
drop off completely
mah Fiji baby birds
do you think I'd leave you with a
cliffhanger mmm I stopped my style five
hours for thing but that means the
sunset at 2:00 in the morning these guys
you're at a bar pumping drinks and a
some girl you get to bring her outside
in the daylight yeah you good Siri I had
a lovely time to see me but I will see
your ass back and stand there time where
you belong and she's like oh come back
for my kuchi the door
and you Thank You Daniel and your new
daylight save me son you kept me from
having sex with a dear dactyl and you
don't want to sleep with a pterodactyl
not at your place they have a 14 foot
wingspan minimum they're knocking
everything off your calendars room
then you have to go to Target you're on
a budget that place gets expensive
you're going there for two things but
then you see the frames who can pass up
rough silver I say we changed all our
socket covers not just the bathroom now
you see that guy what god that's like
this I kept going to one person was like
only shit that joke at everything oh my
goodness do you mind if I recap there
was sex there was pterodactyls the
knickknacks at Target just telling you
we should change our socket covers this
guy's more of a prophet less of a
comedian you're welcome you are welcome
sir I think we should legalize marijuana
in this country so potheads have nothing
to talk about ever again
come on it does get a little annoying
after a while just hate wine no why not
because I'm not in the seventh grade and
have things to do you grow up and do
coke like an adult
yeah that's what I'm talking about let's
get some math no all right sorry I went
too far
oh nothing like tweaking for three days
I'm gonna write I love flip-flops see if
women it's okay to love men it's 5050
right because you've been stuck you've
been caught you've been at the airport
urinal and your flip flops oh not the
best time you're standing there your
feet get a little wet you haven't
started yet Oh
now there's a problem you got two
choices you can want to ignore it live
that Kite Runner shame as long as you
can bottle it freakin to face your
attacker whisper his ear thank you
that's what I like before flight to
Phoenix getting ready for that sheet
that is a golden shower and Kite Runner
records in the same joke almost
impossible almost impossible I pull it
off because I care all right I'm Pro gay
marriage just the idea of having a man
around the house finally I get some
stuff done let's go we got chores this
weekend
God hates queers that's me pretending to
be a right-wing redneck radical
protesting not double fisting a black
cop you have to have the right visual of
his jokes gonna hold no wings oh he's
picking me
oh that didn't look like picking in l
asked for it didn't look like
God made Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve
do you don't know the answer between
religion and gays look in the Bible look
at Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden we
all know who sinned first come on ladies
do you have to eat everything I know you
were hungry there was a snake talking to
you stick that's two it's scary if the
snake told me eat a nap on it all right
I didn't know you could talk oh man I
hope it's a great myth I like those sour
if it's a Golden Delicious them and
leave me alone snake I'm eating peaches
you talk to me in two months and the
Fuji apples are ready you
chronologically that you is accurate
I know a lot about apples
now we have to be punished for all
mankind because of you women eating an
animal those women's punishment do you
even know painful childbirth menstrual
cycles man's punishment we have to deal
with women that's why I get so upset
into a girl hates gays God doesn't hate
gay people he's just upset because they
found a loophole in the system wouldn't
that upset you if you came up with a
great punishment that I were just gonna
sleep with each other yeah it's a lot
easier than a leg are you kidding me
bull that's a bold move to test our love
with a whim you can start of the
fingernail found out real quick I'm
shallow he uses a leg it's all gotten
the freeway you'd be perfect for
matchmaker
honestly girls if there's any woman in
here that ends up dating me and you lose
your leg
god forbid I hope it doesn't happen but
if you do and we're dating the only
thing you can be sure of is I will push
you over all right I will push you over
and back
you ain't no weed wobble you ain't no
weeba waffa Oh
my job is so then that whole jump that
whole stupid long joke is just to get to
a point where I can yell you even leave
a wobble I just think it's funny when
guys find out that somebody's a pregnant
your ear you can hear a guy noise
talking Onarga yeah yeah but bet you
hope it's a boy huh my boy right there
boy this is cheesy to say this but in my
heart honestly I just hope it's black
thank God I'm out in here it was close
sorry I'm to give up on your dreams I'm
gonna go back to being selfish
everybody get the Juke it's not my kid
because I'm white
oh you guys waited you see what is white
the joke is safe after all never noticed
when people talk about where they live
is a good place to raise kids what
they're trying to say is where I live is
really segregated little too closed down
for you Orange County got it yeah yeah
you definitely win that round I didn't
have a privileged childhood like a lot
of you I grew up on a public golf course
and that's embarrassing
I lived on the right side of the fair
well these hacks license in my yard
you don't hear for when you're mowing
nothing runs like a deer til there's a
Titleist lodged near carburetor public
golf course way to aim for the middle
dad thank you that yoga actually hurts
to say but I'm gonna do it I think this
country is ready for another civil war
because these NASCAR fans are out of
control oh there's the line I've drawn
it pick your side let's do battle
I hate NASCAR and I hate hunting let's
combine them every year the Daytona 500
released thousands of deer on the
infield let them roam wherever they want
no restrictor plates at this race I want
top speed 215 plus they're hitting deer
they're exploding people in front row
the treat like a Gallagher show with
plastic you know has guts come flying
over the wall some lucky toothless broad
jumps up I got antlers from jr. this is
the best day of my life y'all want to
see my daddy
No okay now if we can just incorporate
spousal abuse take a redneck triathlon
but everything I say is wrong I get it
I'm I'm a complete hypocrite I've dated
girls with boob jobs breast enlargement
she was an a-cup that's gross skinny fix
girls you're not even a real woman I
know you want to scream at me but you
can't because your training bra is too
tight she didn't go overboard like a lot
of girls do she got a nice full double D
classy shit a53 frame it worked
she put squeak toys in it I thought that
was a wonderful decision
when she's a clown so the tax write-off
she was a sad face clown I could never
tell she was really happy I've been the
bedroom for hours you there yet Snickers
and she just good hey what could John
John my penis out of a pose really
starting at her
that's that clouds blowing I don't know
how to do it it's an Asian method and by
age I mean Eastern Russian other than
Indonesia stuff which revolves a pinky
round back I don't like it I do like it
but on stage I say don't I'm not an open
book
God sex book clown that's disgusting I
mean it's awesome
uh-huh no it's not guy is still high
fives as soon as you take off the wig
the funny shoe she's just like any other
retarded girl I loved her supporter she
was in the Olympics oh well you're not
supposed to laugh at but when you watch
the hurdles they now go over every
single one it started to giggle now
you're going to hell that's not fair
they're supposed to be athletes Ruben
Lane six is chewing on the second hurdle
sorry I found that funny I'll tell you
what's not funny they still those foam
hands your number one except they're
shaped like that how does that build
character
thank you people who are laughing with
your hand away from your mouth that joke
is clearly not for everyone
but I enjoy watching people that don't
laugh make the people that do not feel
shitty about themselves because you're
all hypocrites televise a special Winter
Olympics we're not gonna watch really
who is that guy standing up in the
bobsled
oh yeah does he know the tunnels coming
why did he pick today not to wear the
helmet don't move or a lunatic up I
agree with you balcony even though you
sound like half a tard to begin with
maybe you shouldn't be the group
spokesperson you don't for many reasons
first of all they have the strength of
10 men which is equivalent to one
chimpanzee that's why if you ever see
retarded chimpanzee your turn and run
okay because that thing is a borderline
superhero but Hollywood on their moral
high horse they won't make movies about
a retarded chimp unless of course you
count of Vin Diesel movie which I do
which I do your all fairness to me if
your Vin Diesel facie shouldn't be here
watching me anyway you should be at home
coloring praying your next move it's a
little refrigerator but a won't because
elephants aren't orange you idiot thanks
a you guys have a good night