yeah
they'll make it good to come home boys
well I don't man it's been a while it's
been a while these leads different I'm a
god man it took me years we better do
this show boy DC has changed its
different names
it's not white people walking around
I mean I then I left these three and
eighties it was it was not like this in
80s when crack was going on one crack
was going on why did we looking at DC
from Virginia with binoculars and shit
well that looks dangerous
not yet new white people you can't scare
these white people my track rolled up on
a move the hell is wrong with you
those days are over
I'm glad that you know are you doing a
show here by Howard you know and you see
like why people come on that's good one
thing I'm seeing every walk a street and
you'll see like a group of black dudes
walking that there's any old black thing
we talked them you know thugs
I'd be some thugs in the group and a
group that got like one or two sometimes
as many as three white guys would be
with them you ever seen it shit let me
tell you something about those white
guys those white guys are the most
dangerous motherfuckers and immigrants
there's no telling what they've done to
get them black dudes respect
well then black dudes have seen them do
some loud shit I tell you that I've been
trying to tell brothers that every every
group of brothers should have at least
one white guy here from Sirius for
safety
because when this shit goes down
somebody's gonna need to talk to the
police
I mean that's what it was when my friend
comes in handy
hello Ernie want to get this one come on
now come on in do something it's a black
people are very afraid at a police
there's a big part of our culture don't
know how rich you are
oh we just afraid of them we got we got
every reason to be afraid you know I
mean like your white lady ever been
pulled over before you know know what
they say let me see your driver's
license and your registration right see
see I'm just guessing it's not what they
say to us you wouldn't believe what they
say to uh spread your cheeks and lift
your sac literally spread over your
tapes a link their sac I got a driver's
license to the easier ways to prove Who
I am as shit where's that prove I can't
go to the bank like that cash mindset
what do you mean on having the ID wait a
minute
oh I'm sorry mrs. rappel right this way
why didn't you spread your cheeks in the
beginning scared of him serious man
you'd be at a red light the police might
pull up next to you it won't be no big
deal for you but you know I fucking fall
apart but I didn't always know that was
a black thing it took me a while to
figure that out I learned I learned that
shit in New York I was in New York City
now I was hanging out with a friend of
mine he's a white guy you know we were
just hanging out and we were lost in the
city you know he's smoking a joint now I
don't know it was a coincidence he was
lost in the hand shit but my wife buddy
he was smoking to join faith Dave it's
the goddamn cops
[Applause]
I'm gonna ask them for directions
I said chip no chip don't do it it was
too late
he was walking over there this man was
hash shit excuse me excuse me sir
touching Emma chip excuse me leave some
information oh it's not confessing
things you shouldn't confess I'm a
little high all I want to know which way
is 3rd Street the Cubs like hey take it
easy
you're on Third Street you better be
careful go ahead move it move it that's
all that happened it's another story
yeah I know that's not amazing of some
of you but she has one of these black
fellows that shit is fucking incredible
ISM I'm Sam and we'll never dream of
talking to police hi that's a waste of
weed
Ceri I'm a beast here to talk to police
when I'm sleepy fuck around get the
wrong ideas that nigger was on PCP
Johnson I had to use necessary force
he's old no no no paperwork just just
sprinkle some crack on him let's get out
of here
that's how it is but at the time I
didn't think was anything racial about
it I was like man shit you got fucking
lucky better be careful but then another
time me and chip were driving I'm not
driving chip is driving and he's driving
a little crazy he'd been drinking
I don't like to let my friends drive
drunk but you know I was smoking a joint
I couldn't really say shit to the guy
and we good at a red light we stopped at
a red light and a car pulls up next to
us and I'll never forget it chippy looks
at me as old drunk as she's like Dave
I'm gonna race them
I knew was a bad idea but I was high I
can't explain it was a bad idea but all
that came out well nigga sometimes you
got
[Applause]
that light turn green and chip took off
zigzagging of ships and one capacitor
caught even though he was racing
then a police seen us and pulled us over
they understand I'm scared of shit I
mean come on a car smells like we been
speeding this man is fucking drunk I'm
scared
chip was not scared of it was weird he
didn't turn his radio down we're a
little bit I'm if you get pulled over
when you turn your radio down I'll buy
one get their ass beat to a soundtrack
and shit I'm saying
chip had a music lesson we're not gonna
take it
what is always a day
just relax close your buttcheeks for us
let me do the talking
well nobody see it as almost exactly
what he said I couldn't believe it he
says oh sorry officer I I didn't know I
couldn't do that
[Applause]
the cop said well now you know get out
of here get the fuck out of here
[Applause]
ships it ok I will sir thank you
what what's wrong with you Dave I didn't
know I couldn't do that so that was good
wasn't it because I did no I couldn't do
that
oh sure I wasn't shocked at the audacity
why would you shop because I would have
never thought to say that I don't think
anybody would think to say that because
they know we know the law every black
dude in this room is a qualified
paralegal and shit he knows one of us
even start to do something wrong old
black man and pop out of nowhere
nigga don't do that that's five to ten
we know the lols in the penalties that
chip didn't even know he's gonna race
I'm not saying I don't like police I'm
not saying that I'm saying I'm just
scared of then wrong with that sometimes
we want to call it - somebody broke into
my house once it's a good time to call
them but house is too nice it ain't a
real nice house but didn't ever believe
I lived it I mean he's still here
open-and-shut case Johnson I saw this
once before when I was a rookie
apparently this nigger broke in and hung
up pictures of his family everywhere
well let's sprinkle some crack on him
and get out of here ha I said that's
their whole brutality things see that's
common knowledge man it was a time when
only minorities really knew about that
I'm not gonna say why people didn't
believe us but you a little skeptical
you're a little skeptical I mean I don't
blame you in a Newsweek printed any new
was true and then it was way below home
why honey did you see this apparently
the police have been beating up Negroes
like hotcakes to the May issue
I mean really how could you know that I
thought anyone else know you know I mean
maybe you should have seen something a
little suspicious I think I was like a
little suspicious a little suspicious
every dead black person in police van
has crack sprinkled all over who gets
shot and sprinkles crack on themselves
nobody
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm a paranoid guy I was scared to call
nine-one-one for anything even if it's
like a fire or anything cuz they take
those phone calls
I see the shows they tape them and then
they play them on television that's
fucked up
now I'll say anything if I'm scared that
shit is private you know what if I get
killed they stop playing it nama one
tape on the news I'm dead I can't
explain myself to my buddies and shit we
watching the news
we have register Chapman on the scene
ranch what's going on out there
now let's say it's a guy on the scene a
minute hi Bob hi yes we just got hold of
a copy of Dave Chappelle's frantic 911
sea call remember viewers some of this
language is disturbing hello emergency
just calm down server are you oh shit on
myself
at miss that brand
good way that's it 30 40 times a day
well my buddies are being my friend I'm
looking a meal
you know they've shit on themselves
right it's out on the news like a bitch
[Applause]
bad I can't defend myself it's not a
nice thing to do that's not a nice thing
to do I mean it's nine one one tape how
do you expect you to Sam of course
you're gonna be scared it's an emergency
there's nobody calls now when one cool
and relaxed that shit we're saying
ridiculous hello emergency hi hey 9-1-1
how are you yeah look there's a group of
hooded white men gathering outside of my
house and it looks like they mean
business here here I gotta go
too much pressure that's my problem I
can't I can't handle pressure sometimes
pressure make me talk different I'm
serious you don't have like that social
pressure talk to somebody who's fake and
they make you fake right that kinda like
I get sick of that shit I do it makes me
sick sometimes I'll talk crazy just to
make myself feel better you do that you
start talking like crazy I never hear
this voice man that's how bad guys used
to talk in the forties in the old days
say I talk like that now all the time
but if somebody put the pressure on me
fuckin I gotta cut loose maybe the
police pull me over
it's all crazy son son do you know why
we pulled you over cause I'm black say
that's right
it's not illegal to talk like that how
do I know I don't talk like that every
day
stop talking like that stop talking like
what hammer
title tea
you got to make life interesting like
that because it shit is flimsy life is
flimsy you think you gonna live it's
dangerous out here we know what's going
on
I traveled man you know I just think DC
had the roughest ghettos in the country
no no I have seen some shit now oh
there's some rough rough areas outside
of DC yeah everybody should go together
I was taking it again at one time that's
the worst when you get taken it you're
not expected to go right usually you
want to know where you're going to get
her like I'm gonna see some loud shit I
got to prepare my something let's do
something crazy when you're taking is
different I had a limousine driver
it was after shows late at night it's
like 3:00 in the morning a limousine
driver he's a nice guy
talking to me and shit oh hey were you
from down DC weren't that's a rough City
man and the cell phones are ringing hold
on one second hello Oh what what the
fuck
I gotta make a stop real quick
at three o'clock in the lawn and I don't
know even second me to get on it first I
saw looking out the window gun store gun
stores look at me sound look good
he didn't say shit just pulled up in
from an old rickety building that looked
like a project now I never been there
before I'm not sure if it was a project
but it certainly had all the familiar
symptoms of a project fucking crackhead
ran this way
and then another one jumped out of tree
and shit
[Applause]
and I said I'll be right back left me
took the keys with me just let me at
three o'clock in the morning in front of
a project and a fucking limousine this
was not good I was like man I gotta look
around and see if I can see some
landmarks and figure out where I'm at I
have to escape on foot that isn't what I
know I was in a bad neighborhood you
only see this in the worst neighborhoods
remember it's 3 o'clock in the morning
it's 3 o'clock in the morning I look out
the window
it was a fucking baby standing on the
corner
and the baby the baby didn't even look
scared here just fine
I mean it made me sad it made me say it
really good because I want to help it
baby well I don't trust you either I'm
sorry click the old baby on the corner
trigger I'm not gonna fall for that shit
where's this limousine driving I stopped
feeling bad it's time goes by stop
feeling worse I mean what is wrong with
me what the hell is wrong I'm scared of
a baby this baby could be in trouble he
might need my help I got to do something
but I wasn't gonna get out the car I'm
serious man I was packed on window a
little bit there's a whole limousine I
can roll it down
[Applause]
hey baby baby the home minister
the baby said I'm selling we make us at
all
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm sure I had to buy two back from the
Komets economy yeah back in the collar
rolled me a joint man sir
that shit was scary man every once in a
while like a crack here will come up to
the car and look in the windows like
Jurassic Park and should you be looking
all in country hey get out of here
cracking baby what that's not feeling
bad again yeah we make you feel guilty
sometimes oh man what is wrong me man I
have just bought weed from from an
infant I can't condone this kind of
behavior what am I thinking
I can't let the fear ruin my morals got
to do something
hey baby stop selling weed all right you
got your whole life ahead E he said fuck
you think I got kids to feed
Sam and this is that very moment when
the crackheads run across the street and
got hit by a car
I know it was a hit-and-run the police
did it
that's all right they spring us some
crack on let me got back up
[Applause]
obviously that kind of shit man it's
what is they use it the TV to program us
from a young age you ever watch like a
cartoon is used to watch me a little as
an adult she's a wild shit some well
shit I mean like I was with my nephew we
sitting there me watching Pepe LePew
when I say to my neighbor and saying I
pay attention to this guy because he's
funny I used to watch when I was little
and watch up every life you with him old
man looking like kind of kind of fucking
rapist as this guy
[Applause]
my mentee was sitting there cracking up
see sometimes you gotta tape it was he
like happy like I had to turn the
channel real quick my turn on Sesame
Street
that's a Sesame Street this is much
better because now he'll learn how to
count and spell but now I'm watching it
as an ad though not realize Sesame
Street teachers kids other things and
teaches kids how to judge people and
label people that's right I got
character on there named Oscar they
treat this guy like shit the entire show
they judge him right in his face Oscar
you are so mean isn't it kids
yeah Oscar you're a grouch it's like
bitch I live in a fucking trash man
nopales motherfuck on Sesame Street
nobody's helping me then you went away a
kids roll up and step over homeless
people get it together grouts
get a job grouch so don't even tell me
how to get to Sesame Street
that is a terrible place I want to go
there find it away who would want to
live in a neighborhood like that fucking
six-foot pigeons walking around the
elephant that's a junkie oh it's nothing
boy bird of sick I need some smack bird
Cookie Monster with his eyes popping out
his hands kind of cookies are you
talking about
chocolate chips on the red poppy good
and then had the nerve to put a pimp on
them they didn't come out in the saves
of him but I know a pen when I see one
they call them to count from everything
either sampling which where does my
money you've been late four times I've
been counting how many times must I
smack you before you act right
[Applause]
as a thing if somebody stuck with so
much stuff to worry about you know the
more you know the more you don't know
who and shit you know like a lot of
people will be telling me Dave you know
he just got relaxed the racism things
bugging you too much let me think about
it sometimes she don't happen you know a
lot of black people can relate to this
have you ever had something happened
that was so racist that you didn't even
get mad he was just like was racist he
was like my he almost like it didn't
even happen he was like a fucking movie
it was like he was watching Mississippi
Burning
having a me I was in Mississippi I was
in Mississippi doing a show and I go to
the restaurant to order some food and I
say to the guy I said I would like to
have and before I even finish my sins he
says the chicken I could not believe it
but not believe that shit
this man was absolutely right I said how
did he know that I was gonna get some
chicken I asked I said how you know that
how did you know I was gonna get some
chicken he looked at me like I was crazy
come on buddy come on buddy
hey everybody lose so you off to the
goddamn door you're gonna get some shit
it is no secret down here that blacks
and chickens are quite fond of one
another
then I finally understood what he was
saying and I got upset
I wasn't even man I was just upset I
wasn't ready to hear that shit all these
years I thought I liked chicken because
it was delicious
turns out I'm genetically predisposed
but like a chicken I got no say in the
man
okay I'm ruined chicken for me I'm
scared eat it in public oh I want some I
see me and say something some chicken
look at him he loves it just like it's
in the encyclopedia
[Music]
she wasn't doing that show business big
crazy that's what the culture is really
collide show business bring a lot of
races together sometimes it works um
kind of doing this is one thing that
happens it's funny you know sometimes
I'll be on a business call right
you know like with a with a lawyer some
I'll always be right and and I will be
on a call right and they'll be like oh
okay Dave we're gonna we're gonna close
the deal is that fine with you okay
that's good for me
great great you have a good weekend Dave
I'll be like all right you too man
peace all right bye-bye
what we're saying right so sometimes
sometimes I'll make up shit that's not
even slang just to see how they handle
it achievement maybe the same business
go alright we're gonna close the deals
that finally do Dave yeah sounds good to
me great you have a good weekend Dave
all right buddy zip it up and zip it out
alright so by bike
sometimes you know sometimes racism
works out no black people's favor yeah
it doesn't happen often my family's very
rarely but what it happens it is fucking
sweet
I'm serious one time racism saved my
life man I was I was on a plane I was
coming I was coming from overseas and I
don't know how this guy got a machine
gun on the plane but he stood up and he
said nobody fucking grown I started
freaking out because he was Chinese I
was like why is he talking like that
[Applause]
screaming and crying I was the only
brother on the plane well I thought only
brother I looked over there was one of
the black dude he's from Nigeria I
looked over them he was looking right in
my face man
he didn't say two words to me just like
the music
didn't need to talk I know we just was
talking about looking right back at him
let's write some white dudes on the
front of planes seen us in like oh my
god
[Applause]
we're just communicating that we
understood the situation we were both
seeing the same thing what we understood
was simple terrorists don't take black
hostages that's the truth
I have yet to see one of us on the news
reading a hostage that engine they is
treating us good we are chilling this
shit and I think of a shout-out to Ray
Ray a big Steve
you're not gonna see it taras and smart
ain't know what they're doing there you
know they terrorists they know what the
black people's bad bargaining chips they
called the White House hello we've got
five blood hello
you'd be back in DC universe thinking
this is an election year I'm asking you
why God you know who you're voting for
you don't know do you now you see that
you see what just happened here let me
tell you something that is a cultural
thing he knows who is not vote for you
that is a cultural thing
white people do not like to talk about
their political affiliations it's a
secret
hey Bob we gonna vote for Dave Dave whoa
take it easy take it easy
so anyway um I was fucking my wife in
her ass right I mean it was something
else
[Applause]
four days babe come on with the bullet
trying to tighten by the fucking my wife
here ask me all these personal questions
they don't like to divulge that
information
cuz it matters to them black people talk
about that shit black will openly talk
about politics but it'll openly talk
about beating up politicians you
Pasi George Bush I'll kick his
motherfucking ass
probably just saying but it's a reason
for that it matters more for it matters
more people see so even when I vote
right which I don't but but but even
when I like to think about like who I
would vote for right I don't even look
at their political policies I just look
at their character you know what I'm
saying now you got a writ oh I'm serious
you got to read between the lines but
you know you look at Clinton and people
like Clinton we've seen him on a camp
that's all one thing on a campaign trail
yes you just picked a black baby up and
kicking come here baby see George Bush
like say I'd never vote for George was
jr. but I don't know George was juniors
politics one thing I know about George
Bush jr. is that that guy sniffing
cocaine that's right now listen we
cannot have that shit in the White House
that might be fine for mayor but goddamn
[Music]
the stakes are too high in the White
House I can't have no cokehead president
oh he be selling nuclear secrets for
twenty thirty dollars and she could be
illegals embarrass in America come on
sign a treaty baby
[Applause]
mr. president that is not how we do
business here Sarah
stops sucking the Ambassador stick no
let them finish
I was sign the treaty
there will be peace in Israel finally I
vote for Clinton again if I could at
least it's always better
now again I'm not looking at his
politics don't know what his politics up
I'm just looking in his behavior I
understand that kind of behavior I know
a lot of news with them shortcomings
weed smoking fornicators there's a lot
of anger I mean come on man let's let's
be honest let's be honest Bill Clinton
was not the first president to do what
he did man now listen this let's think
back for middle room a guy named named
Kennedy John F Kennedy remember him he
fucked Marilyn Monroe let affect him and
his brother Bobby fuck Marilyn Monroe
and history doesn't talk about that much
you know why history didn't talk about
that much because those two pages in
history are stuck together
they'll get it on they will get it on
I've seen the tapes remember the tape
she'd be singing on their suitors party
stressing them out bitch my family's
here
klenda the same thing but they didn't do
it like that because the year 2000 he's
busier than Kennedy was he was a busy
man
Clinton did that kind of thing the way
busy men do it
you know what busy men do they fuck
who's close to them I can tell that's
McCune was after Lilly just stuck his
head out the office don't you
[Applause]
I may be the Sun for my 3032 come on
[Applause]
who's right looking at Kennedy's
pictures
[Applause]
and at the top at all feel ID which I
thought was is I thought it was special
I did man I know how he did I've been
accused of having sex with a girl I did
not have sex with before let me tell you
something
that shit is infuriating you ever go
through that dig you know it'll make you
crazy be screaming at your best friend's
touch that fish think I'll kill you
please believe me
[Music]
[Applause]
we're Clinton they do it like that did
it Clint came out of the press
conference over lack shoulders all
relaxed and all this trouble look I just
got done fucking listen let me tell you
something America I don't think you
heard me did not have sexual relations
with that woman miss Louis
everybody know that finger smell like
nobody cares nobody cares we all wash we
was disgusted when we kept watching the
news I know out of there I was taping it
Sabitha crib like maybe turn the lights
off News's coming on every week on 16
minutes was a different girl accused in
Clinton remember Kathleen Willey came
out she was upset the president called
me into his office he began watching my
breasts so I'm sorry
and then they place my hand on his
genitals and Bradley was shocked
who was he arouse how the whole like
yeah
and then and Bradley look right in the
camera is it don't lust that not yet
we'll be right back
oh man a news and there have been so
good but there were no victims there
were no victims only one I feel sorry
for is that Lewinsky after a little
cyber I feel sorry bird on god damn not
come on have a heart has a hard thing to
be famous for me yeah nobody wanna be
the most famous cocksucker of all time I
feel bad for not even know that's
jealousy that's what that is
I mean come on that's one dignity that
girls suck it's gonna haunt her for the
rest of her I long after she spent that
money up that's still gonna haunt her I
know there's a lot of women in here with
at least one dick they regret and I bet
you won the presidents dick I bet you
work that can issue the Safeway
see we got to stop judging people that
girl was young and she made a mistake
that young girls make she wanted to fuck
a powerful man period that's as far as
she thought it through she wasn't
thinking about how poeple the president
was she had no wisdom oh the one I'm
gonna helped everybody all the woman
would have been in there you know you
should lower taxes
hold on what a sickness until utopia
last anyone say about it is this that he
is a famous man I have dreamt of being
famous but I never dreamt of being that
famous I don't understood how famous a
president was well man if someone could
suck your dick and then they're famous
that's crazy that's great there's nobody
with a pickup line that good shit
they suck my dick there's a future in it
[Applause]
then I'm in the wrong business actually
be the president she know I'm in the
wrong business the only reason I want
the president is cuz I'm black doesn't
make it too hot for me I mean I mean I
think it could be a black president one
day but you don't want to be the first
one I mean second 1/3 that's family that
first nigga better watch out I'm gonna
tell you that right now - ha I mean I'd
be the first black president I don't
think that nobody would really really
hurt me I'm sure somebody want to hurt
me but I don't think they touch me
because uh because my vice president
will be Mexican for little insurance
he can shoot me if you want but you're
just gonna open the border up so might
as well leave me and vice president
Santiago to our own devices
hey that right side the odd see
Galion can stay don't worry don't worry
I don't got no alien jokes all I'll say
by Eliana's thank God is Cuban
as if he was Haitian you'd have never
heard about his
Natalia is Ariana Gonzalez was le on the
moonbow from her way to push it a little
rubber to right back in the one side
helpful
the only thing in our society that
bothers me the most is where that men
and women don't get along no more that's
really what's bugging me about it men
and women just don't get along like I
hear women say this all the time I know
Elijah says to be like chivalry is dead
don't you once y'all feel that way like
men aren't gentlemen anymore that's
right
chivalry is dead and women killed it
as a fundamental difference in the way
we don't see things we're not going to
see eye-to-eye on this issue we just
know our tests in life are different
a woman's testing life is material a
man's testing life is a woman now by
tests I mean that those are the things
that we desire men have nice cars not
because they like nice cars because they
know women like nice collar
[Applause]
because men are hunters and the cars the
bait and a woman comes as woo nice
Porsche gotcha bitch
[Applause]
[Music]
that's true come on there you go to a
woman's house their house be comfortable
is shit women love comfortable
surroundings so they can get comfortable
surroundings let me tell you something
if a man can fuck a woman in a cardboard
box he wouldn't buy a house
but that's still now where chivalry got
killed
chivalry got killed by the feminist
movement on the magazines that got we've
been going crazy because women got too
much advice about men from other women
and they don't know what the fuck they
talking about
and it's true I see the shitting of men
in the magazines I don't read them but
I'll be seeing the cuff I look at
everything a grocery store fellas even
one of the magazines like what is this
and it's a recover a hundred ways to
please your man by some lady in a
hundred way that this is for things long
just senators dick papers balls and
pixel
and then the magazine's trick the women
the magazine stop picking at your
self-esteem every page you turn you
start feeling fatter and uglier and you
feel like your clothes aren't good
enough and the magazines have you
forgetting how fucking beautiful you are
and that's what happened now look what
happens and then you forget how
beautiful you are we all suffer if pussy
was a stock it would be plummeting right
now because you flooded the market with
it yet giving it away too easy is it I'm
just being truthful I'm just talking it
would plummet if you watch the news
today pussy plummeted again gold is up
10 points you can see how confusing it
is this is the practical application
what I'm talking about like a guy be out
it's having a girl out guys you'd be out
of club bar right
he's kicking with your boys and a girl
walks by and man she looks good she
looks good not good in that classical
way I mean you know I'm talking good
like she got her purse hanging out her
skirt
her titties are all mashed together
popping out the top of our turtleneck
and shit
and eat with your buddies right you with
your buddies got a couple of drinks in
here and you cigarette is you might try
to talk through this might not come out
right now why don't you save it the girl
goes management oh oh wait a minute wait
a minute just because I'm dressed this
way does not
make me a home which is true gentlemen
that is true
just because they dress a certain way
doesn't mean they are a certain way
don't ever forget it but ladies you must
understand that that is fucking
confusing then that would be like me
Dave Chappelle the comedian walking
around the streets and a cop uniform
somebody might run up on me oh thank god
pupster help us come on over here help
us Oh
this because I'm dressed this way
[Applause]
I was like all right ladies fine fine
you are not a Whore
but you are wearing a whores uniform
I'll tell you that no misunderstandings
can happen and then men we misunderstand
limit alive you know we always undermine
their feelings you can't do that - no
you can't because see feelings here
clapping feelings are very important to
women they are all important I'm just
learning this year everything is based
on how they feel
you can hear when they tell stories ever
told here man tells story it'd be just
facts who what when where why it was me
and Bob we use that Safeway night nigga
Bob sent this and I push that nigga and
then I broke out
that's the story women in telling
stories and all these feeling that well
first of all you understand I was on my
period but I got to talk about it
you got to talk about him that's how I
always get me I've been sitting there
watching TV chilling shit my old let it
come up to me David
we need to talk I don't say that that's
how I feel inside
no anytime we need to talk we need to
talk about some shit that I gotta do
talk about anything she needs me
she leaves me defenseless I have to do
what I have to do David
we need to talk man don't do that to me
David this is serious stop talking in
that voice
now see
[Applause]
I complain but I'm happy I'm with
somebody I don't want to be I don't want
to be single
I don't like that sometimes you go to a
single club you see too much I was on
the road one club and I've seen a I seen
a thing they call a thumb contest
and I've seen a thong contest there's
some scandalous shit all right
I couldn't get over that moon because a
DJ and I was dancing on the ground they
said everybody that wants to be in the
thong contest please report to the DJ
booth excuse me they pawn that's awesome
let me see some girls some of them
pulling up hands down some poor desk
yourself Alba shaking him but someone
didn't have underwear on it was just
fucking checking her but I mean that was
fuckin disgusting but I couldn't turn
away
clean for the squeamish buggy is alright
one of the girls who gets so into it
there's no cops around right but she
actually I'm sorry to tell you all this
she spreads her butt cheeks open she
spreads her butt she's open in the
middle of a crowded disco right I was
discussing because I was like ten yards
away from where I was like oh my god is
that her is her birth Oh gross because
it was a baby
it was the same baby from the project
it's like I snuck in a cloud
[Applause]
me
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
live from the Narad theater in
indianapolis from the kings of coming
the Platinum comedy series presents DL
Hughley funnier than ever before I knew
it I knew it
they do this the timber level we should
have been in there September 11 and a
half $27 tickets - dietra
bill gotta meet Stephanie okay beat you
and be stopping I'll be there tomorrow
bet I didn't run I mean it's my foot up
somebody else don't play my money like
that black folks and white folks we
don't have our problems before we be
damned it's on my new goal come in these
is our white folk y'all leave him alone
that's American and racism is more
American than apple pie no topic is safe
DLS back with what need to be saying
coming to a store near you it's the
comedy concert the world has been
waiting for its bow Larry
outright hysterics
[Music]
one of the original Kings of pies Cedric
the Entertainer you as Acting Planet
started like this concert is guaranteed
to make you mad
[Applause]
[Music]
laughs like you never have before it's
the comedy concert the world has been
waiting for in stores now full contact
comedy at its best
[Music]
I'm gonna do my thing it's gonna be a
lot of fun tonight but this is what I
call the starting lineup they great then
perform with me all summer long you will
be entertained plus I'm gonna be doing
my fizzle - you know your time is
running short fall American flags on
your con you ain't got no damn it's
yours
but nothing like that well he's like ah
he's a patriot let them go on set to be
entertainer and starting lineup part 2
coming soon to home video the man the
myth
the King about rageous comedy direct
from HBO it's Steve Harvey you better
not say we're not thank you boxes the
comic genius of Steve Harvey in that
kick-ass special that leaves the others
behind way to bed like a g-string ladies
when we see a strain know he's Steve
Harvey his HBO special coming soon to
home video get your hands together for
Michael
just when you think you've seen it all
Pratap a stand-up comic I'm like who
reveals a tall Michael Collier has hit
the big time I get three nights cause
for nice homes in a fall for a lot of
money somewhere and now he's going back
to where it all began ready to meet the
man I mean a real man he tells it like
it is
I do want I had none final good weed
the Michael called your project coming
soon to urban works hope video skip home
booty button again if you have to all
right like everybody my name is like
Tyra Banks but like my will name is Tyra
ship and quit and see I had no Alex
since I was like 13 and like he straight
money and like y'all need to watch him
and straight clownin because like back
in the day like he was chillin the
Inglewood like Alex would be having like
everybody laugh in the stuff
hi I'm Tyra Banks watch Alex Thomas
straight clownin cuz he's is the fool
truthful check
[Music]
straight this dr. Dre and what y'all
need to do is check out my man Alex
Thomas cuz he's straight clownin can I
get my money
check out my man Alex Thomas straight
clown and I'm gonna what Alex Thomas and
he can't stop won't stop Alex Thomas
West West yeah he's straight clownin it
was a shit
check out Alec Thomas street corner
[Music]
it's the first annual Shaquille O'Neal
comedy roll style and Queen Latifah
[Applause]
Harvey
Thomas is deafening just him talking
trash cutting the fake man down the side
check you guys do mean the whole s on
the thing don't you think this a little
13 little 14 okay
that lien does have a really big heart
big ass superstar Shaquille O'Neal if
you see him I never before
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm in a holy video series for path the
funniest comedian on the set today the
Platinum comedy series presents the host
of eet comicview Bruce Bruce like you've
never seen before
[Applause]
and goddamn is working me so bad you can
see the words coming out their mouths
you'd be standing out talking yeah I see
what you talkin about
what's that player everything all right
don't worry that
so he's a ninja
you similarly their mobile not me man
this d800
whose proves is funny hilarious larger
than life and he's coming to a store
near you soon