why you picked San Francisco to shoot
your special this one of the best towns
to ever do comedy and this is the most
historic when you got as far as
comedians are concern because Lenny
Bruce ripped to death
yeah all the best came through the bay
without Richard without the around will
garland Mooney don't let's say I have to
be the biggest star as long as you come
with it and people coming out they'd
like to see laughs reforms because it's
a Savio
Oh
thank you for coming dad damn I did it
big this here from cable nigga goddamn
thanks for coming out and thanks for
making the nigga feel comfortable in the
gayest place on earth
you guys got Disneyworld jealous out
this motherfuckers man
I don't really think was that gay at
first like what does everybody cuz I was
coming at anyone was like man that place
is really good what the fuck is
everybody talking months not so gay and
then I I wanted into that Castro and
Ames I said this is America's anus right
here this shit is deep went to that
tender lawyers nothing tend about that
motherfucker dollars that shit was rough
the opposite of tender I have never seen
crack smoke so casually before these
niggas was sitting in front of Starbucks
smoking crack and ER and come visit this
is all the look talk about politics
I seen one crackhead trying to break
into somebody's car man then it struck a
chord with me I tried to stop I said hey
and he looked back and something said Oh
keep an eye out snick that was me that's
a man I'm trying to help you I want this
shit to stop crackheads are like that I
had a crackhead break my car window one
time broke it you know he stole fucking
candy bar I had Lando and say there's
only two the goddamn candy bar I was so
mad I drove around the neighborhood
five hours looking for crack here with
chocolate on his face I did that I
finally found one I grabbed it
motherfucker hey man what's all this
chocolate on your face motherfucker he
looking fused chocolate this is doodoo
baby
ahh
Oh name place is insane
but you know what I like about saying
friend the reason I picked this city to
do my specials because of all the major
cities in America somehow people get
along here better than anywhere else
I've seen in the country that's right
that's right and I always admired saying
friends for that and today I've realized
how you did it put all the niggas on the
other side of that bridge
it's nothing yeah hit me on that side do
you leave your Santa sister like boy
thanks for coming to San Francisco come
back in April we're having a sale on
Birkenstocks soon as you get to the
other side well an Oakland bitch
fucking crazy but it also feel like it's
the East Coast City in the West Coast
you guys got subways and shit I'm scared
of public transportation I was on a bus
that was held hostage 45 minutes
it wasn't like threatened I don't wanna
give you that impression it was a dude
jerking all but the ship was scary son
I'm scary right before it happened I was
on the bus smoking cigarette it's a long
story it's not the coolest shit I ever
did and people freaked out
Sarah sir put that goddamn cigarette out
okay this is everybody's air sir I
flicked it I didn't want any trouble in
just in that moment coincidentally this
homeless dude I don't know where Poe's
dick out started beating off and I was
furious cuz nobody said shit to this guy
they were just nothing like
I was only went on the bus that had the
balls to say anything to me it's not
even like I was brain really was it you
know I was sitting next to the
motherfucker I had to say something
come on dog you hitting my elbows sorry
stop it's all I said that I was I don't
want to say too much guys beating off on
the bus means is something wrong with
this motherfucker him he's not wrapped
so tight I didn't want to push him over
the edge
soon as I said something
all these dummies on the bus now they're
brave oh he's right put your goddamn
cock away I don't want to see this
anymore I don't want to see it either
yeah now that that flips out alright
everybody back up
I tried to be nice about this mail
everybody freaks out oh my god so
biological attack
I'm caught in the middle I can't lose my
cool I said hey everybody just calm the
fuck down and you'll get me shot so just
be cool
let's do what this man says so he'll
leave us alone
now everybody gets quiet that's better
that is and then he's not walking up in
their house who's terrorizing us
and then he's thoughts of making demands
you and the pink shirt
squeeze our text together huh oh god no
no
you stick your finger your butt why oh
god why is this happening Oh God
he was working my way shit was tight
just that minute I got saved
dude I was so lucky this guy had the
other than the bus he snapped he lost
his mind I seen it happen ah screamed
out rush um he can't come on all of us
in charge of the other and it's like the
movie that's homeless dudes seen him
coming shot 105 I dodged that shit like
the matrix
gaba hammy wasn't so lucky oh no huh ash
it was gross it didn't kill him but it
was haven't sure that fucked his day up
not gonna have normal day if the
homeless dude buster none of your
forehead and 8:30 in the morning that's
a wrap on the rest of that sky was
freaking out it burns
Oh everyone's standing around looking
them even homeless dude fell babe I
guess he was finished she came back to
his senses is my stop
I said relax your motherfucking head and
say some rice huh okay I gotta eat I
know it I said you can't get aids from
the hoes dude busting her not on your
forehead that's not how it spreads I
don't even know that shit's true that's
just what I told him it isn't he was so
scared I had to say something OAD
comes from who the fuck knows scientists
don't even know scientists still say
AIDS started cuz somebody had sex with a
monkey word after all this research is
the best explanation that you came up
with mother nobody fucks monkeys and
people you idiot you either fuck monkeys
or your fuck people that's it there's no
in-between you're not gonna get some
monkey pussy on Tuesday and then be like
I'm gonna call Charlene on Thursday Oh
once you fucker monkey that's a firm
decision I'm out of the human pussy game
for good it's ridiculous he act like
monkeys just as openers waiting for
people to fuck on man come on you don't
wanna be fucked by people think about it
think how hard it would be to catch a
monkey and fuck it that's ridiculous
that's how it had to go down do you
think you just gonna walk up to him in
the woods and bribe this nigga with
fruits and bonanza hey buddy
yeah there you go buddy yeah yeah here
you go your big bright red is it's big
bright red booty how strong a monkey is
but rip your dick off like the celery
stalks star throw that shit the tall
grass they'll never be seen again hey
though we're gonna go to the club pick
up some girls who trying to roll nah man
I'm cool I'm gonna stay home though
chill with my monkey you know how long
it took me to train this monkey suck my
dick
without peeling it last night Chim Chim
jerked me off with his feet make only a
monkey can show you that kind of love
and tenderness
so y'all keep fuckin these people if you
won't make it slow
fucking pussy for me hook up with an
orangutan next week it's all the fuckers
chips in or anything no I feel real bad
boys is Indians everybody feels bad for
Indians they get dog they get dogs
openly cuz everybody thinks they're dead
these motherfuckers are not all dead all
right I've seen with my own eyes I've
seen a gathering of 1500 Native
Americans they were all gathered in one
place the place is called a Walmart in
New Mexico whose Indians ever I've never
seen their dealings before I wasn't even
sure if they'd walk in there it's fucked
up but I asked one of them it's not nice
but I seen him in the sports section
looking at bows and arrows I had to say
something stuff excuse me I don't mean
to be rude oh are you Indian and he was
cool yes yes I'm Indian still didn't
believe him I had to test him to be sure
his fucked up but I had a gum wrapper in
my pocket so I balled that shit up and I
threw it on the floor and a single tear
came out his ass at Ocean
I have so many questions
what Travie you from I am a Navajo as it
word I studied you in social studies
you're a hunter-gatherer correct is that
I guess so
that's what you wish to call it
I said why what do you call it he said I
am an alcoholic I say well what's your
name dull
he said please dog is my cousin that's a
good guess
my name is Brennan coyote what is your
name friend and then she called me Olga
I'm not even one saying my name was Dave
to a motherfucker named running coyote
just don't feel good enough he's put me
on the spot I said huh my name but oh my
name is a Blackfeet
then I change the subject forget about
me what's going on with you I want to
meet your cheese I don't need you and
your cheeping your friends get together
tonight we could have a real live peace
pipe smoking ritual we need to celebrate
my god don't you a day in and he set it
up it was beautiful just like I dreamed
who's all sitting around him and IANS
was beating the drum other Indians came
out the back with a long blanket that
was folded in half and putting in front
of us open that shit up and on the
blanket was a long wooden pipe with
feathers and bags of weed we're all over
the blanket chief walked over the big
ones are 50 the little ones are
man those Indians got high and shit I
was back I told her she was talking I
cut them off
timeout chief sorry interrupt fucking
smash man Louise to Strong's introduce
PCP that the spirits affect me chief the
spirits have got me and chief deuce and
water my face calm down black face
splash I said Hales Blackfeet
motherfucker take it easy
Blackfeet you're a welcome to stay
amongst me and my tribe for the night
until the spirits leave you and they
gave me my own tepee to sleep in which
sounds nice I personally felt like it
was a little fucked up you know because
they all had houses man it's like why
can't I sleep Michelle on the house and
watch TV look I can't be on his grass
all right
Annie is rude man everybody's rude
Indians to eat nasty food all day
people's corn and shit Dorito was the
thing they called
that's right people always see the
service they see the division in our
foods because I eat chicken and
watermelon they think that that's
something wrong with me it'll taste them
if you don't like chicken or watermill
something's wrong with you motherfuck
there's something wrong with you
we're all these people that don't like
chicken and watermelon I'm sick of
hearing about how bad it is is great I'm
waiting for chicken to approach me to do
a commercial the guy will not do it for
free chicken least I can do they make
fun of Latin people for eating which
I'll eat beans rice corn listen that's
not a reason to hate a motherfucker all
right it's funny but it's not a reason
to hate the only reason these things are
even an issue is because nobody knows
what white people you've been very good
at keeping that shit a secret amongst
this areas I study white people get a
load out and write in the paper on you
not even for school me just to do it
just gets me boobs doing this
independent research and spending my
money so I'm working so hard I follow
you around grocery stores they freak out
I just try to peek in the car they
always seem get away from my cart nigger
what are you looking at
chicken and giblets are over there must
be lost
these are vegetables I know what you
drink
see how quite a gut grape juice surprise
motherfuckers he didn't know I knew
about grape juice this here oh no play
dumb with me there was a lot of black
people don't have the privilege of
knowing about grape juice because they
have great drink it's not the same
formula does you give ain't no vitamins
in that shit you might have plenty of
black friends over todd todd would you
care for a glass of grape juice my nigga
what the fuck is juice I want some great
drink baby
oh it's purple I don't think I know what
a great drink is what I have some apple
juice if you want what the fuck is juice
I want some apple drink
scream remember that commercials will
Sunny Delight when all the kids running
from outside playing
they all run to the fridge huh all right
I got some purple stuff for some Sunny D
Susie's a Sunny D all the kids go yeah
watch the black kid in the back if you
ever see that commercial again look at
that black kid he be like I want that
purple stuff steps drink nigga is drink
they want and will drink when old
embattlement snake island drink check
out water purple that's the ingredient
sugar water and of course purple
it's too fucking much I got a lot of
things to talk about tonight first of
all I've stopped smoking weed with black
people you didn't let me finish
motherfuckers god damn
I'm sorry black people to break the news
so publicly but I can't smoke anymore
and time I smoke weed with my black
friends all you talk about is your
trials and tribulations I'm sick of that
shit I got my own problems I guess
awaits the weed I'm smoking weed to run
away from my problems not take only
yours now on I smoke weed exclusively
white people calm down motherfuckers you
win by default
you got good weed conversation all white
people talk about when they get high is
other times that they got high I can
listen to that shit all night dude
remember at Frank's last week fucking
smash man and catalogs everything they
drink a two shots Jager to kill for bong
hits men beer cheeseburger
that shit is great only bad part is you
cannot pass out around white people
every time white do pass out around each
other they always do some borderland gay
shit when the guys asleep Frank fell
asleep so he like stuck a carrot nozanne
some shaving cream on his balls like why
mother for why'd you do that to a friend
of yours he trusted you enough the sleep
around you're gonna put a carrot as a
step is that nice I'll tell you right
now if I put a carrying a black do that
nothing will kill you when he wakes up
for some shit like that is an automatic
death sentence on the street so rap for
you I'm gonna kill that motherfucker I
thought y'all was friends baby what
happened I fell asleep his house right
we was drinking and I fell asleep with
his house and and while I was sleeping
right I'm just gonna kill that
motherfucker alright that's all you need
to know
fuck parents
but everybody's getting along I see that
shit I see it all around blacks and
whites don't fight so much you know who
don't have no beef with anybody's Asian
people I see how y'all be doing y'all
just laying the cut on saying oh three
Asian people beef with other Asian
people like if you call a Korean guy
Chinese I've done this they'll flip out
hey let's make you think of Chinese I am
Korean I look Chinese
yes well fuck you do to tell me this why
I said it it's accident like an entree
now you all look Chinese to me it's a
mistake I'm not trying to offend you
some people say all black people look
like we don't get bent out of shape we
normally just call those people police
okay just learn to live with it that's
all I can tell everybody's afraid of
police they're scared to death of these
police I am the guy I got a police
scanner first first money I got to
suffer shit I went up boatmen police can
I just listen to these month fucks
before I go out just to make sure things
coos you hear shit on it
calling all cars calling all cars be on
the lookout for a black male between 4 7
and 6 acres
staying in the crib tonight but that
got work on that alibi for a minute
every black person needs Alabama I do
them impromptu joints if I'm by myself
and need out I just open up the windows
in apartment turn on lights on
stop beating old Franklin when I look at
me hey everybody's need a pound
praise him dirt and over note the time
motherfuckas is 2:35 look at me I'm
jerking off my window 2:35 chameleon
Deschanel is chilled Hampton oh the time
and she could save my life
officer David Chappelle couldn't have
done that I saw him in his window
masturbating from 235 to 337 I'm certain
of it he was standing on a clock and
holding a calendar and today's paper
fuck I need alibis I can't be no
celebrities shit is just the worst I'm
seeing it I can see why I see why stars
are crazy man these motherfuckers I went
to Disney World my kids which is a big
deal for me I can see my kids so much I
do Chappelle's Show 20 hours a day sleep
for like half an hour raise my kids to
10 20 minutes and not go back to work
now this particular day I got to hook up
with the kids we went to Disney World
everybody at the park fucking everybody
hey hey Rick James bitch hey I'm Rick
James bitch
as I aim a you might not call me a bitch
in front of my kids
timeout motherfucker we take a day off
even Mickey Mouse did it I said this is
the most unprofessional shit I have ever
seen in my life retreat spiritual I was
fed up I caught that motherfucker with
the uppercut by not to see it clean off
everybody was screaming oh my god oh my
god
Mickey Mouse's Mexican
I had a terrible time in Disneyworld
this new world is like a whole nother
country anyway they got their own
currency that shit is ridiculous soon as
I check in the hotels welcome to Disney
World mr. Chappell can we interest you
in some disney dollars nah man I'm cool
can't buy weed and pussy with Disney
dollars like I'm on vacation like in
greenbacks I like them Green Bay I'm
saying there's a kind of money people
spend as people it's very particular
about that I saw that that was one of
the main stories from the war was the
first big thing we did was they said now
that Iraq has been liberated huh we have
managed to take Saddam Hussein's face
off of the money and I'm not gonna lie
when that press conference came all I
was like choked up I was I was actually
proud to be an American because that is
a very subtle psychological nuance of
oppression to have a dictator on your
money and it's thoughtful to be able to
take that motherfucker off for the
goodwill of another person right but
then I thought well if he could do that
for Iraq what about our money man how
money look like baseball cause were
slave owners on
George Washington's the worst the worst
yes I said mythologize his mother fucked
like he was the greatest dude man if I
went back in time with a white person
and we saw George Washington walking in
front of our time machine my white
friend will probably feel like oh my god
Dave look there's George Washington it's
the father of this great nation I'm
gonna go shake his hand I've been on the
other side like run nigga George
Washington and we both be right
you like him because he wrote the
Declaration independence and all that
shit we hold these truths to be
self-evident all men are created equal
go get me a sandwich nigger I'll kill
you Liberty justice roll
am I wrong am I wrong wait a minute he
might own slaves than he owned slaves
that's my time Sam
I almost protested the war in the
beginning almost till I saw what
happened to him Dixie Chicks I see if
fuck back if they'll do that the three
white women they will tear my black ass
to pieces I don't want to hear that shit
yeah man they would but I'm like for
real why why you care so much with the
Dixie Chicks eh it's not like they
political scientist and then they just
bitches that can sang good get on I mean
stop worshipping celebrities so much
just don't listen pay attention I
remember right around September 11th uh
ja Rule was on MTV that's what they said
we got ja Rule on the phone let's see
what Joss thoughts are on this tragic
there's a buck with ja Rule thanks for
the time like this this is ridiculous I
want to dance I'm scared to death come
on some answers the ja Rule might not
have right man
think when bad shit happens now being a
Crip like oh my god this is terrible
cuz somebody please find y'all rule get
hold of this motherfuckers I can make
sense of all this where is job acne ja
Rule
I don't even know why people listen to
me I'll say anything like I've done
commercials for Coke and Pepsi I don't
give a fuck what comes out of my mouth I
just say what it takes whatever it takes
that's what I'm singing if you want to
know the truth can't even taste the
difference
surprise all I know is Pepsi paid me
most recently so tastes better it's
pretty much how the game goes I'm just
being real man it's too much goo gaga
over celebrities people don't know those
fake and what's real anymore
that's why Bill Cosby got in trouble
look what happened to Bill Cosby Bill
Cosby says some real shit and the whole
world freaked out all for what for
having an opinion just because he was
selling pudding pops for the last 40
years
people forget that he's the nigger from
Philly and the projects and he might say
some real shit from tam-tam it's not
that big of a deal I spoke at my old
high school and I told him kids straight
up if you guys are serious about making
it out of this ghetto you gotta focus
you got to stop blaming white people for
your problems and you've you've got to
learn how to write or play basketball or
something let me attract you are trapped
either do that or sell crack that's your
only options that's the only life
and work better get to entertaining
these white people ever get dancing go
on up there be somebody I just hope they
listen shit is ridiculous people worship
television they worship this year you
know like if you watch a movie right say
you watching a movie and one character
says the nut character say hey what's
your number man what's the other
character always say five five five five
five five five you know why we got to do
that because stupid is people go to the
movies and then go home and try to call
it a characters that they just saw Hello
Kitty's Indiana Jones here no mother
fuck he's fake cause he's got his number
and to be honest it's the worst time in
history to be a black celebrity fuck
they locking all our stars up it's hot
right now for black celebrities I know
it was bad when Kobe got in trouble ice
is a rap for us he's one of the most
wholesome dudes we had lock him up with
everything
Kobe kept it together thank God he he
held his gang together because if he was
cracking under pressure and getting like
six points a game the whole LA to me
like that nigger is guilty
Toby was playing his ass off he was
playing like his freedom depended on
that shit you see that's motherfucking
them in gangs negative trying to be dead
case on the court
like the judge stealing the ball like
play for your freedom
if I could talk to cohabit I just relax
you'll be fine man good the public is
still giving Kobe the benefit of the
doubt he's one of the few black
celebrities that get that not cuz he's a
celebrity more because you know the
girls showed up with eight different
seamen's to the investigation you can't
do that has seven too many it's a lot of
semen man's but you got Noah's Ark on
the panties I was just trying to
recreate humanity Elsa she's a collector
she got every unsolved mystery the
answer might be and his girls painted
house the first place out look OJ's
other gloves and then Bigfoot's
footprint three CSI reruns isn't it
little fucker we got most diabolical
draws ever fuck being a celebrity is not
the time to be a black star they locking
all our stars up like celebrities is the
witch hunt for us me goddamnit
it's all Jane's fault if since oj got
away white people just been locking up
our stars one by one it's true and it's
all it's not even OJ's fall it's our
fault we celebrated too openly when oj
got acquitted we should have been quiet
about that shit
Susan not guilty Nicolas name on your
Facebook in your face
hurts knowing it hurts burns then let me
go that justice system burn is that me
welcome my world my mind all that shit
white people one at OJ's a is bad city
la spent over 12 million dollars just
trying that motherfucker and the look on
white people's face when he was
acquitted priceless priceless
and that's why I don't trip off being
celebrity I don't like it I don't trust
it there's one minute they all love you
the next thing though in front of that
courthouse dance and on top of a car
just trying to figure out the fuck
happens
what I'm waiting for this the timing of
this Michael Jackson shit is what makes
me doubt it every time there's Wars
going out of control the economy gets
bad or something is wrong with the world
at large it's always these moments in
history that Michael Jackson will
coincidentally jerk off a kid this is
getting a little ridiculous
are you planning this shitty hip
meetings Michael thank you for coming as
you know Michael the war has not been
going as well as we expected there's
been a lot of hiccups and the public is
asking us a lot of questions of course
and well Michael there's no nice way to
say this and all I know how to do is be
direct let me just be direct we're gonna
need you to Dirk off another child Mike
I'm sorry I am sorry but it would really
help out or maybe he did it who knows
who knows that's the thing that's what I
wanted to say who knows who the fuck
knows Mike God and this little boy no
that's that's about it
it's about it only reason that I can
even talk about this shoot is because
everybody is speculating they all think
he did it
and I don't think he did it I'm alone in
this I don't think he did it
I'm not gonna say I don't think he did
it that's too strong
let me just say I am reserving judgment
until all the facts come out but so far
from what I heard me the kid said he's
dying of cancer he was in make-a-wish
Foundation
he claims he had two weeks to live and
it was his dying wish to meet Michael
Jackson come on man give me a fucking
break his kid is ten years old he don't
remember Thriller the fuck you want to
meet Michael Jackson for honestly I
remember thriller and I just like kinda
wanna meet the snake like I wouldn't
break an appointment to meet him I put a
dead way I'd have to already be free
that's ridiculous like if I'm dying at
two weeks and go oh mama
Oh get me in a room with chubby chuckle
I wouldn't want to meet that long to
fuck another my last two weeks why not
uh sure somebody like this till then the
kid cleans he goes to Michael's house is
where it all gets crazy I don't like you
know he does everything you'd expect at
Michael's house they climb trees and
road roller coasters and Ferris wheels
the chef made cookies pies and cakes
they was petting them on him drag sing
songs kid shit and in the middle of all
this childlike activity for some reason
Mike pulled out some wine and some pills
and suck this kid's dick
folks it hurts me to say it and the kid
had the nerve to call that abuse
motherfucker that is a good host guy
tell what else do you want what else do
you want
I'm looking to get a glass of a grape
drink at my friend's house Lona broke
hoes riding my dick sucked Mike must be
confused like I brought you in my house
I pinched you
I sucked your dick and this is how you
repay me motherfucker this was your wish
that man thought you were down in two
weeks but after that little buddies I've
been a cop for a year and a half to get
strong every time I see you I went it
this is fucked I shouldn't even say fuck
would be some ironic shit if they found
out through this case that the cure for
cancer was Michael Jackson sucking your
dick somehow but if Mike had powers like
Green Mile and all the kids like please
bite psychotics never again he didn't
appreciate it
and we at least study your saliva please
bye he then stopped this doesn't stop
and the only reason I could talk about
Mike is cuz he's a freak he's a freak
that's why people let you talk about cuz
if I brought up Catholic priests fucking
kids it could get quite a shit but but
when Michael Jackson does it it's okay
because he's a freak his face is all cut
up but just remember when you look at
that thing that he calls his face that
he did that for you somehow somehow he
thought you might maybe it'll help maybe
people will like me more if I turn
myself into a white guru like creature I
don't know what the fuck it is but he
did it for you and I appreciate the
gesture Michael Jackson if you're
watching us I appreciate that gesture
and I want you to know fuck everybody
same Chappelle understands cuz you want
to know something I'm getting some work
done surprise yes nothing major you
would never know if I didn't tell you
but it some shit I'm insecure bout that
I want to work on if you must know I'm
getting Botox done on my bowls to get
these wrinkles out family happy should
smooth as eggs no I can't wait
I cannot wait and I'm not stopping there
that's just phase one baby be like Bob
Vila these old balls I'm fixing them up
I'm plucking all the hair out
I gotta make room I know this
I gotta make room I'm gonna tattoo a
gangsta ass face on mean expressions
like this then I'll grow the hair back
on the bottom so they got beards like me
then I'm hitting that beach and looking
for balls suckers I'm gonna wear some
high shorts just like this and walk up
the women with a confidence I've never
had before
pardon me miss I don't mean to be rude
but do you suck balls
excuse me missus relax you didn't even
let me finish do you suck these balls oh
my god those balls are as smooth as
ank's
yes also
I played this scenario out in my man a
million times lady that's how it always
ends
yes I'll suck those balls all our stars
all our stars man our Kelly pissed on
his victim I know it was rough but I
mean again I can't even judge Howard
Kelly first of all we don't know these
allegations true and that even if they
aren't true if you want to know how I
feel about it honestly if a man cannot
pee on his fans I don't want to be in
show business anymore because well
that's why I got in the gang baby I got
dreams too you guys are confusing the
issue why you guys are busy worrying
about if our Kelly even peed on this
girl or not you're not asking himself
the real question that America needs to
decide once and for all and that
question is how old is 15 really
oh that's a good question that's a good
question I'm not saying that a person is
as smart as they're gonna be at fifteen
that's not what I'm saying man but I am
saying 15 to me it's old enough to
decide whether or not you wanna be
pissed on I mean that's me you can't
make a decision like that by the time
you're 15 and just give up motherfucker
because life is way harder than that
I make tougher decisions all the time
you don't want to get pissed now just
get the fuck out of the way it's not
even a decision if I stop peeing on the
front row they're not gonna have to
calculate and think of how do I feel
about this is my okay with it
they get smooth you can do that at 15 I
could have I been 15 when I was 15 I was
doing stand-up at nightclubs I smoked
reefer from time to time friends were
selling crack trying to finger fuck
people I knew what was happening around
me to some degree getting pissed on was
the least of my worries at 15 trust me
but it keeps coming up it's a lot of
confusion around that age any time 15
comes up people freak out like when that
girl Elizabeth Smart got kidnapped right
remember you told last year's 15 young
girl Lizbeth smart was kidnapped and
then they finally found her in the whole
country was relieved and I was the only
one saying to him she wasn't that smart
after all not cuz she got kid that that
could happen to anybody I'm not knocking
her for that I'm just saying if you're
kidnapped me when I was 15
you got to take me further than eight
miles away from my house man god damn
can't hold me prisoner around shit I
recognize I'll break away I'll break
away fuck off me think that's my bus
stop I know I man I'm going home she was
missing for six months eight miles away
from my house that's two exits man
that's nothing and while she was missing
during this half a year that this girl
was missing there's a seven-year-old
black girl gets kidnapped in
Philadelphia
nobody knows her name they might talk
about it two or three times on the news
but she should have been the top story
because she chewed through the ropes and
had both of these motherfuckers in jail
in 45 minutes flat seven years old I'm
not making this up to crack he has
kidnapped her and took her back to the
crack house and tied her up and then
they left her the crackheads I got to
make moves crack smoked chocolate eat
these motherfuckers made moves it was
out but soon as they left this little
girl got the Nibin she's kidnapped at
four o'clock and at home watching
herself on news at 5:30
that shit is crazy that's it that's a
news story that is a news story ma'am
meanwhile in Utah 15-year old Elizabeth
smarts captain's left her alone - and
they didn't even tire up cuz they're
hillbillies they just bounced don't try
to escape bitch and we'll kill you be
right back
leave she's 15 sitting in the house by
herself how am I gonna get out of this
come on think think Elizabeth I gotta
get out of here why'd you just open the
fucking door and go outside have you
thought about that do you have a quarter
do you know your phone number you're 15
bitch run stop taking the stock making
moves I know I sound mean and I know
with the people are thinking when I'm
saying the stage she's only 15 all right
but that's the discrepancy because when
you talk about a little girl like
Elizabeth Smart then the country feels
like 15 is so young and so innocent on
the flip side
here comes 15 again man we talked him
out of 15 old black kid in Florida this
black kid accidentally killed his
neighbor when he's practicing wrestling
moves that he saw on TV now was he a kid
oh they gave him life they always try
out 15 year-olds as adults nigger knew
what he was doing it's a goddamn
piledriver this kid gets on the ropes
there's no stuffing you'd have to send
the rock to her Arista and they gave him
15 oldboy life in jail if you think that
it's okay to give him life in jail it
should be legal to pee on that's all I'm
saying you got to make up your mind
across the board how old 15 actually is
that's all I'm saying
summit ain't right now but somebody
comes in here and puts a gun in my head
and says Chappelle you got a choice to
make
you're either going to jail for months
or we'll let you go but you got to let
our Kelly peel on you I'm not hesitating
bringing our Kelly and tell him to stay
away from my ass
I'd rather get pissed on on the outside
and fucking the but on the inside I
can't go to jail with some smooth Botox
balls and think everything's gonna be
all right it's not that kind of place
take my chance with their piss piss a
wash off with a 10-minute shower I'm
certain of it piss coming right out what
can I do they're gonna put me in jail
sad is changing rapidly can't smoke
indoors the fuck is that all about
I got kicked out of titty bar for
smoking no that shit was ridiculous
so stripper did it the stripper came up
like you're smoking is a health risk for
me I don't want to work on this kind of
environment it's bitchy of your
gonorrhea infested pussy in my face he
started it
they threw me out it's the dirtiest
place I've ever been thrown out of and
just to give you an idea of what I mean
by dirty lap dances at this place
$3 it's fucking disgusting and at the
same time who could pass up a sale sign
of his $3 of course I did it it's only
12 quarters said I'll break a 5 for that
I've never seen somebody worked this
hard for $3 this lady must have been the
throwback to the Great Depression she
was all over me the first time I ever
told a stripper to get off me all right
yeah thank you very much miss thank you
that's enough thing hey hey girl for me
whatever happened to lipstick on the
collar lady I have a shit string on the
middle of my shirts
how the fuck am I gonna explain this
when I get home huh oh no baby me and
Bob were playing basketball and Bob
dunked on me was hanging on the rim and
his pants fell down
I was checking on clothes I think he's
swinging and his butt cheeks might
uh-huh oh he's clutching something hold
my shirt I don't know why I was playing
ball in my dress shirt just was it was
midnight I don't know the fuck just let
me think that's me that's when you know
a guy's land if you say shit lady hold
him on this let me think we made him say
that the owner doesn't me think for a
minute con can you think
we all in there you guys my guys has
made too much progress too fast
not too much but you just you confused
by you made so much progress you even
confuse man and women we both like what
the fuck just happened
cuz women got all this money now but
they still like women like oh you never
take me anywhere anymore and a doobie
thing
bitch you got more money than me you
never take me anywhere anymore and at
the same time you don't treat a man like
a man you don't cook you don't clean and
you don't do anything a motherfucker say
yes you tell them I was like what did I
see women doing this to me don't come on
oh man what's that shit so when anybody
then telling what to do dat much you got
to work with me like if it makes a man
feel like a man
to watch the games and just let them sit
there and watch the game for a minute
and if he happens to look over it she
was watching the game don't look at them
all mean and make them feel guilty about
watching it just pick up your own city
and sucker just try it out
people instantly remember why he fell in
love oh that's right that my girl sucks
I don't it is from time to time I can't
walk away from that
it's too hard to find you see that took
20 seconds he's still gonna be as busy
as you won't just check into it and
everything's cool
well how about this if you make love to
your man you already make love might as
well spice it up right how about this I
personally like it I like it when a girl
tells me where to come don't like it
when a girl tells me when to come I hate
this don't come yet
Oh bitch all these rooms
instead of doing that why don't you just
tell us where is make us feel better
especially if you aggressive about I
like one girl get Wow come in my face
stick your chin out like a boxer
bring it on motherfucker
there our bomber
but it doesn't have to be that that wild
or explicit that's a look all the man
wants knows that you're interested in
that you participate you say anything
every happens oh come on top of the
television all right
the weird of the place the better Oh
coming that fishbowl damn hey boy oh
shit they're eating it up
fish love it when I come over that guy
ever having chicken tonight
you guys man thanks man it's been the
best day of my career by far I
appreciate you guys watching me
can I do for my kids and my kids off the
hook you think I'm a bad motherfucker
wait till you see the 2000 model
Chappell this nigga is off the hook
sons are bad my oldest son is 3 like I
made me a necklace out of macaroni I
said shit is baller he painted the
macaroni green and put it on the string
he tied it on my neck and he told me he
was proud of me and I got choked up and
he thought I was saying is how smart he
was he says he saved Danny and I said oh
nice add he too young to understand his
son but this is fucking crazy used to
live in my balls right now you're making
jewelry out of macaroni you a bad
motherfucker now live Chappelle's
oh shit
pants down
thank you that's what it's all about
everybody usually wants to be famous
slick and rock nice jewelry no this shit
I think I already got him macaroni
knickers I got values I got I got value
this shit not in it for that only kind
of shit I want to do with Fame that's
like decadent as I want to go to Vegas
to the $5,000 blackjack table and I
don't even want to play I just won't be
such a big star that I could go up to
one of the players in a tight hand put
my dick on this show and I'm such a
celebrity think it's funny
hey what the fuck oh shit Dave Chappelle
get on her cell phone you are not gonna
believe who's dick is on my shoulder
and this guy's balls are he's had some
work couldn't thank you enough that
bless you old man keep watching them
attract make it interesting
say sir I'm rich biatch