she's Brian and Chris and Demetri what's
up with that last guy he sounds
interesting got a patient dude there huh
we're gonna introduce somebody you say
like this is Frank sounds pretty normal
until you think about it yeah this hey
guys this is stuff right here this is
Frank
she's what is that yes this is Frank
that's what that is I'm I guess it
should be he is Frank but that sounds
weird or somehow clogged up with the
person hey guys he is Frank trying to
take it away be saying he's for I'm
right here it's like when you call
somebody you know you have to say this
is like hello this is Demetri can't be
like hello I am Demetri
what take me to your leader so then when
you go up to someone in person the rule
flips the opposites weird welcome to you
after you like hi I am Dmitry can't look
up to you and go
this is Dmitry you like this
this is an idiot this is going surprise
parties are strange because people jump
up and they yell the word surprise at
the party
I came home and you emerged from my
furniture you don't have to tell me how
to feel I don't need a hint it's not
like if you said a different emotion
than I would feel that instead I come
home and you're like confident oh all
right yeah
mm-hmm
smoking is a big problem we can't get
people to quit smoking and warnings
don't work I think you've got to change
the cigarettes you know what I mean if
you change the shape of the cigarettes
if you happen to do it if you get a
cigarette that had like two balls
hanging from
[Music]
doesn't look at schools easy I gotta
quit
Surgeon General warning cigarette may
contain tiny hairy balls somebody
commits a murder-suicide
that's probably someone who's not
thinking through the afterlife fan
you're dead
damn I'm dead oh hey in the awkward
forever there's somebody who's dead and
then someone does something that that
person would not have liked they say
that that person is spinning in their
graves but I don't understand why they
say that why it's spinning the way that
a corpse shows disapproval it doesn't
make any sense I mean if if we show
disapproval that way when we were alive
then it would make sense oh man I'm so
pissed at you right now
you have no idea how mad I am shit and
mitri spinning let's get out of here
if I live below a tap dancer I would
just put really powerful magnets on the
ceiling when that we're not having shit
now are we
more of a Santander we got up there oh
now we're moving over to the window look
at that oh there we go
when a Dalmatian sees a cow must be like
what the hell happened to him I am high
right now a Dalmatian is fat and smeary
when the county is the Dalmatian you
must be like he looks amazing I am so
out of shape disinterested
my snips are on the ground here I was in
the store and I saw prune juice on the
shelf
I stopped in about wait a minute I love
prunes for dried plums the hell is this
stuff how hard are we squeezing these
prunes
this is plum juice isn't it prune this
is plum juice nice try prune trying to
take plums credit this is not surprising
behavior
it's suggestion is a party in your
stomach then prune to the cop showing
off the ruinous foods in there and just
like oh we're just prune show up all
right lights on party's over everybody
out move go go go
he's a brothel he's like but my friends
Dylan and I don't give a shit no pun
intended get out my first heard the term
training bra I was freaked out I was
pretty young and I said did you say
training bra they're training their
chest I had no what you she's some later
boobs are everywhere
what's her deal those are untrained
teeny
what you got a training when they're
young and they go wild you can't have
free-range boobs bouncing all over the
place she was sitting on the couch we'll
just punch her in the face she wasn't
even moving sometimes as a woman has a
really nice bunch of work tight pants
then everybody looks at her but when she
walks by that's nice but it seems like a
waste everybody's looking there I feel
like we should put important information
on the bus we should put the photos of
missing children right on there
we got to find that boy the hardest
compliment we gave is nice face hey nice
face fuck you I like your face but I go
to the gym and I try to run on the
treadmill and I listen to music but it
doesn't motivate me enough so I'm going
to get a recording of a pack of wolves
gaining on me
[Music]
you'd be like one of the guys flying on
that trip over I don't know but he's
been yelling help for like 20 minutes
we had a good workout
when I was in high school I experimented
sexually the experiment was to never
have sex with anybody no matter how hard
I tried since then
I processes confirm when you're having
sex with somebody you can say yes or
yeah or aha so for some reason you can't
say yep yep oh yes baby
yep yep yep yep indeed
[Music]
all right
[Applause]
thank you
left ages nuttin like a that way all
right I got some drawings I want to show
you guys
[Applause]
first I got a product that came up with
all the baby silence or I thought it is
on an airplane there's this baby crying
and bothering everybody I was thinking
how can I get that baby quiet and it hit
me baby silencer it's a funnel that the
baby wears over its nose and mouth with
a tube that goes to headphones to the
baby's own ears baby like wow wow wow
wow hello that's me I should shut up
baby silence perfect that's a girlfriend
silencer
I work temporarily be careful be careful
with that now this is a graph
okay karaoke this is how fun it is to
watch the person doing it this is how
bad the person is at it kind of an
interesting curve because if they're not
that bad at it it's kind of fun to watch
you know they're kind of singing on key
or whatever not great if they're a
little worse at it it's terrible to
watch it's like awkward it's not bad
enough to be funny and good enough to be
entertaining but if they're worse
something magical starts to happen the
worse they get the more fun it is to
watch them struggle tone-deaf drunk
standing on a chair yes this is what we
want what's interesting is peeing
follows the exact same curve almost in
the Olympics never been on a hill before
also reading a Loudoun class
that story is pretty interesting but
this story's way more interesting over
here Jimmy's an idiot I had no idea
sound it out buddy come on you can do it
I think we can still hang out oh man a
lot of signs of the lazy stop exit they
just tell you the word and that's it
we're not worth floor they give you the
words and also a scenario
wet floor this could happen to you Oh
laughs that kind of wet floor I thought
it was a command but man I saw the guy
not that persuasive though this guy has
no eyes or feet you have no eyes or feet
of course you fell those are the top
three things you need to not fall wait
am i you're the guy from the bathroom
[Music]
what are you doing out here I just saw
you in the back you're running around
with no face come on man I don't know
when the question mark first appeared
but I bet you worked immediately a man
check this out what is this exactly we
got it Tony this shape works is an
exclamation point with severe scoliosis
right now my friend was involved in a
love triangle he liked this woman and
this other guy also like the woman but I
tried to explain to him that's a love
angle that here is
you're involved in a lot of angleman for
it to be a love triangle the two guys
also have to have something going on now
you got three vertices that's a love
triangle and that's an orgy and that's a
Mormon and that's the Mormon orgy at the
mall
I don't know if these exist but this is
a schematic this is an ice cream flavor
called dead gnome
now I like hospitals as much as the next
person but they're structurally unstable
when I start eating it I'm like this is
good but then I started thinking there's
going to be trouble to me
one of these sides is going to fall off
it's going to ruin my car businesses and
it's time to update popsicle sticks now
I don't have to worry that's a little
better
plus I can make a crazy bridge out of
these this is how interesting you find
your children and this is how
interesting I find your children
which is how you want it by the way
that's how it should be you don't want
the opposite yeah that's not me and
that's nature that's correct
okay that's our numerically interesting
if you have one that's okay if you have
four you're desperate give thirty-two
you are crazy
what's interesting is that these are the
exact opposite
I think it's time we update elevator
button yeah
if you're a man and you're wearing a fur
coat and you're not an Eskimo then
you're a douche bag okay this is a
diagram this is the interior of the head
the man who cut me up in traffic a few
weeks ago that's shit
finally this is the amount a guy looks
like Jesus verses the probability that
he has pot the more he looks like Jesus
the more likely is to have pot so we get
to a critical point this one's on a
cross oh we made a mistake let's get out
of here and that's in thanks everybody
all right thank ya so I'm gonna I'm
going to do some more jokes here anybody
want to talk about anything
crocodiles old people okay if you
combine those essential things I'll say
this it's really hard to say goodbye to
an alligator without sonim cheesy
all right alligator I'll see you some
point in the future
crocodiles after some time has passed if
I could talk to old ladies I would tell
them hey the amount of perfume you're
putting on just divide that by a
thousand
I got a business idea I was going to
open a store in the Chicago Airport
one of the biggest airports in the
country and I have a big store right by
one of the geeks but in my store I would
just sell stuff this is Denver on it
when people get off the plane they look
at my store and they go oh shit
[Music]
if somebody came up to me say excuse me
this is the Chicago Airport you're
selling stuff this is Denver on there we
go oh shit I knew I rushed into this
investment guess I'll just have to write
not on everything where'd you get that
sweatshirt not Denver don't worry about
it I went to book a flight and they had
a reservation wizard working on the
website for the airline and then I
wanted to get a hotel room and they had
a hotel wizard going to get a rental car
they have a rental wizard I mean there
are wizards working all over the
internet now and that's sad because
you're using wizardry to do clerical
work
that's magic that's wasted Talent
I guess the economy has really hit the
Wizarding community pretty hard you
never see which is getting those jobs oh
look a room using our hotel which I even
the wish to get a hotel room he's crazy
I'll work with a wizard but I'm I'm
pretty sexist when it comes to using
magic for clerical travel stuff I don't
usually fly in first class
but I do fart in first class can help
you sir no I'm cool I'm a head back to
my seat
a little lost time smells like coach up
here
I heard having lunch with my friend I
said hey what's your middle name
he said I have two middle names I said
then you have no middle name you have a
face yeah we were having lunch and I
went to treat him I said hey I got this
I'm going to buy you lunch and he said
are you sure
has anybody ever backed out a tempeh
thing and then I got this
are you sure I'm glad you brought that
up
I was bluffing I'm not sure at all you
called my bluff I got no money you want
to just run for it I'm going to go to a
party and when people say what do you do
I'll say I make business cards for a
living then I'll pull one out that's Ted
see
when I'm cleaning up my apartment I feel
like my dustpan is willing to help out
but just to a point like alright cool
just a little bit left here and then the
dust pans like I'm out right here
now come on Joe span is just just left I
mean you're called a dustpan let's just
do this I'm not taking that up the hell
you're not
we're going to go perpendicular you're
picking this up it's like I said no
Jacob room and just redistribute it
around the room I had a mouse in my
apartment that was like having the worst
roommate ever
all right whoo shit on the spoon
I'm going to kill him I'm gonna freakin
killing somebody at the corners of all
my doritos Brian the freaking mouse
right yes same guy who has sex under the
refrigerator
I'm going to glue him to the floor
so he dies I'm going to glue kill him do
you think something trivial but you say
your age before and then it sounds
really important I'm 43 years old I want
a sandwich give the man a salmon
if you stayed in the past tense it
sounds like he's starting your novel I
was 43 years old I wanted a sandwich
chapter one if you stayed in the future
you sound like an idiot who had a time
machine
listen to me when I'm 43 years old I'll
want a sandwich you don't give it to me
when I cross the street I always look
both ways to not do that would be crazy
but if I look both ways any other time
in life then that looks great
forget a slice of pizza
[Music]
we got a sneaky PD during your literally
bring a girl home at the end of the day
I'm like well I had a really good time
tonight
did your baby can hold them keep the eye
on the baby you can't do that I saw a
girl the other day and on a scale of one
to ten she was an eight and that wasn't
good because the scale was how many toes
somebody has
and we want to be a hand on that kid I
went on vacation and I went snorkeling
splash surprise drinking a lot of water
through a giant drop snorkel will keep
you alive or kill you way faster very
height sensitive lifeline right there
I've seen a lot of proud sponsors of
things I'd like to see a reluctant
sponsor Subaru reluctant sponsor of the
WNBA illusion we just call the news
what's wrong
hi six o'clock here's what's wrong
now to the local news here's the worst
shit that happened the closest to you
before we go to commercial is something
wrong in your house stupid that you
don't know about
keep watching dummy I wonder what the
long form of okay is what's okay short
for is it okey dokey that would be
interesting there are these situations
that would sound much more interesting
you hope you don't he my monkeys okey
thank you close the surgeon comes out
she's going to be okey dokey thank God
doctor she's okey-dokey good your
behavior in this office is not
okey-dokey I want to fly somebody
okey-dokey let's do this
okie-dokie Algie joking easy I saw a dog
wearing a sweater and I thought that
looked ridiculous because dogs don't
have arms you're going to put clothes on
the dog you should put two pairs of
pants on it see your dog with two pairs
of skinny jeans that Rottweiler plays
bass cats have nine lives there's more
than one way to skin a cat cats always
land on their feet
I get it you want me to fuck your cat
my friend has cat-like reflexes and he
it's not that he's fat
he just sometimes randomly gets up and
runs out of the room
so with Joey you got cat-like reflexes
man if he rubs on your legs don't worry
about that that's totally good I'm
allergic to cats but I don't need you to
say that it doesn't sound that tough you
know
so I usually say that I'm allergic to
lion we have a cat is that going to be a
problem you know I don't know I'm
allergic to Lion so maybe that includes
regular cats too I'd only really hung
out with lions Kenneth I don't anymore
because the sneezing mostly that's
really only reason probably not I've
never seen bat shit but if I did I'd be
like that's crazy
that's some crazy excrement right there
that looks like my ex-girlfriends
personality that's crazy
hugs are such a nice thing and human
beings we get to hug each other it's
just a nice experience but it's so easy
to make it go wrong you're hugging
somebody and you go or you can be
hugging them and just go that hug is
over falling out of a hog I don't do the
pattern to be like okay I'll see you
never
rlt never that's no good I was on the
train this lady said to me what's the
time I said oh it's the system we used
to keep track of everything blow my mind
here like I don't know I'm just trying
to get home
I think it's Rijos is really insensitive
that's like killing something and then
making one of his friends hold it
I like silent letters once you sign a
letter in a word I try to picture what
happened bunch of letters hanging out
and they're like oh we gotta go spell
this word and then one letter that side
hey I'm gonna come with you guys
what that's ridiculous you're a G I
won't say anything
I know what do you guys think come on
we'll mess with partners like the word
foreigners that's me in the middle all
right
and right alright that's me again eating
some candy I looked on the wrapper and
it said made with natural and artificial
flavors you get a 6 Laver you covered
all permutations in the natural world my
friend uses air quotes a lot when she's
talking which is fine except when I want
to tell somebody what she said and then
it's kind of awkward him yeah thank you
said the movie was good
I got some cargo pants because I had all
this tiny cargo that I needed to
transport on my side
how am I going to move all this Freight
without using my hand cargo pant that's
perfect hot out though cargo shorts yes
I want to go swimming you got a cargo
speedo
clothing sizes are weird they go small
medium large and then extra-large extra
extra large extra extra extra like
something happened at large they just
gave up they were like I'm not doing any
more adjectives you just keep putting
extras on there we do better than that
small medium large whoa easy slow down
stop in interesting American
I don't like when I go to a clothing
store and pick out some clothes then I
go to the dressing room and then they
come and they bother me when I'm in
there how's it work out for you in there
you're right in there when they're like
how you doing in there I go ah not too
good I think I'm going to kill myself
did you get me a belt please yeah right
in there yeah naked just popping them
bitch you want to hop in we'll give me a
loan how's it going in there for you
that's all right I couldn't find the
toilet such as one
you gotta finish these bathroom stalls
man also could you get me a few t-shirts
my friend has hand soap that smells like
coconut nice unless your hands are dirty
from coconut and it's the worst possible
I can't element any progress in
literature cuz I started out this stuff
see somebody smell in their hand has
never good story behind that just looks
bad if you try to make it look positive
it just looks worse you're like
let's talk to that guy I don't like
automatic paper towel dispensers because
they don't tell you when they're not
working so I just end up in the bathroom
looking like a shitty magician for a few
minutes although I have to do to get a
piece of paper an automatic paper towel
dispenser is a solution to something
that was never a problem hey you know
how people get a paper towel when they
need one yeah they just take their hand
and pull it down and they have it yeah
we're going to change that what are you
going to do we're going to use lasers
and make it complicated that seems kind
of unnecessary yeah very that's the idea
you got a lot of work to do yeah because
we're also working on the sink - oh yeah
what are you going to do you going to
fix like the hot and cold handles now
we're going to get rid of those but then
they won't be able to adjust the water
temperature fuck them
Wow we're going to catch up with the
toilet oh yeah what are you doing there
you know when someone's sitting on the
toilet they move like a millimeter yeah
yeah we were seeing and having a roaring
rapid explode under their ass why would
you do that we're going to scare the
shit out of literally
thank you I just did like four back
handsprings
finally some talents I like to write in
coffee shops a lot coffee shops are
great because you can sit there and do
people watching just write your ideas
down in your notebook or whatever
sometimes they'll be sitting there at a
table and they'll be like a lady at the
table next to me and then she'll be like
um excuse me can you watch my stuff for
a minute I have to go to the bathroom
and I'll go sure but I want it
what your laptop is a newer model than
the one I have do you know if I'm going
to take it I get sued again I'm just
kidding go ahead I'll wash yourself one
thing I like about coffee shops is that
they have bulletin boards and people can
put up flyers in the bulletin board so I
started making my own fliers so I could
just put one or two of them up on the
way out so I wanted to show you some of
those flyers for example learn to play
guitar end or with my balls
not missing dog brown with spots
energetic playful everything's fine
thanks tutor for available calls please
for sale once a star's like new or fresh
novel unspoiled recent unused green
motifs useful contemporary now Oscar on
stricken Spanish so you want to learn
how to play saxophone I can stop you
fall immediately free time machine call
me two weeks ago babysitter available
experience Keith young good at keeping
secrets
this is good for a music store lead
singer wanted also guitarist wanted
former ones if bass player wanted whole
band wanted have tambourine
and then thereby you can put up
tambourine lessons expert tambourine
player will teach you to play like a
virtuoso which is very estranged good to
be leader of successful tambourine
baseman but like there's a new
tambourine player in Williamsburg and
he's not wasting time faces clean cheap
apartment available never good loss
dipshit
man with van and fetish for a restaurant
maybe missing one rat left here
yesterday learn photography then teach
me please don't be a prick just do it
free tiny strips of paper you can put
this next to any flyer that's there
already
that's wire is bullshit call me I will
found one cat looks delicious Paul by
Friday after that never mind I can see
you right now call this number to
prevent me from getting you
they're all ripped off
excuse me there's no numbers please
don't get me finally help a wizard turn
me into this piece of paper please lick
me twice to break the spell
[Applause]
when you're a kid skipping is a
perfectly acceptable way to get around
but then you get to a certain age and it
has to stop we're not allowed to skip
anymore it stops cold turkey and that's
a shame because there are situations
where that's a good speed it's not
running not walking you're not jogging
which is tiring but it doesn't matter
how perfect the situation would be for
it it's not allowed you okay I'm going
to get help
that asshole just give away we got a
sick man here you cancel playing game
sir you dropped your hat sir keep it
when I trip I feel like that's just a
world plane come here for a second
on the ground like what do you want I
just wanted to remind you to you're a
dork yeah I know can I go now yeah just
remember never try to outrun me will
only make it worse for you okay think
[Music]
I'll see about 15 years
[Music]
people do not like inevitability with
windy out I feel like the world's just
being mean I'll just be walking and the
world's like a do you like air yeah yeah
you need that to breathe there's some
fucking air right in your face there you
go whoa too much air come on man Jose
you need water to survive
how about I pound it on your head stupid
drink up dummy
you can't drink rain that just looks
crazy
takes too long when I look at the clouds
I see so many animals mostly sheep who
have lost their limbs and the head when
someone describes themselves the
taxpayer they're about to be an asshole
[Music]
I don't know why when someone has great
ABS that's really attractive I know that
it looks good but I don't understand
biologically why that is like what is it
communicating you know thank you see you
guys great abs you like whoa that guy
could shit really fast Wow it's hard to
know what's gay in life like boxing
that's two guys fighting over a belt and
seems pretty gay to me in their
underwear people always tell you when
they got it up to here
they never tell you any hey I've had it
up to here I just want you to know we're
cool we're about half way so it'd be
weird if you're like you know I've had
it up to here so what are you
complaining about I'm not I'm just
saying you know I have my whole body to
go but I started to have it
luckily I'm tall so I can have it for a
while the closer of Persons tattoos are
to their body holes the crazier the
person is
you want to walk to fight cancer or
something like that you have to do it on
a set day you know all in a row you got
to do it all at once it's really cool
but kind of a bummer that you have to
designate the time I wish there was an
option where you could walk to fight
cancer but distribute it through your
regular life like you know I'm going to
go get a soda
but I hate cancer and that's what this
is about and it makes me walk around his
apartment a lot today that guy is
signing cancer I like the term color
scheme because that sounds so sneaky
alright we're going to improve the look
of this room and here's how we're going
to do it
loose-fish round so someone's coming be
cool
what so you just worry about these pain
tips here we weren't doing anything when
I walk into a spider web I just feel
like thank god I'm big this could have
been it for me just things trying to
kill me right now
sometimes they'll tease this brighter
just you walk in I'll be like oh oh I'm
sorry I can't move I can't move the
spiders like I'm set for life
I'm set for life
and like the hell you are
I'm gonna swing you by you're a splash
house there you go
birds are one of the only other
creatures who make their own house and
they're one of the only ones we make
houses for that is arrogant
was that that's your house nice try
those are some twigs I mean that's the
shitty patio at best come on burn the
house you kidding me tell you what I'll
give you a house like a little human
house there you go little pointy roof I
know you can fly but we're going to put
a roof over your head that's right
little hole you can try to crawl in and
out of the birds are another life we
look ridiculous the animals think we're
trying to be people shut up Louis we got
a free house just enjoy it I want to see
you making spaghetti that'll be perfect
if I were a picture frame model I think
I would do a better job than the ones
I've seen
because picture frame models it's not
about you it's about the frame and I
would pose in a way that highlights that
I would be like check out this rectangle
here to get rectangle around me you
should buy it
volleyballs a weird-looking sport that
just looks like two groups of people who
both do not want a volleyball you guys
take it we don't want this we don't want
it we don't want it you take it they
should make it look like something you
don't want like a human head volley head
yeah I can tell how lonely I am by how
easily fooled by a mannequin store don't
look now but there's a really tall woman
with excellent posture and very current
style checking you up
she's got not had every month man is
looking cocky you know cuz I get it you
have a perfect body but you have to be
such a prick about it they should have
self-conscious mannequins something you
can relate to you know you walk by a
store window they're just mannequins as
our colleagues do I look stupid in them
I didn't pick this and I have no
genitals so I don't even know spawn I
was driving on the highway and I saw a
sign that said live nude girls and I was
thinking
you probably don't need the live I
wasn't even thinking about the girls
mortality until you brought it up yet
new girls pull over man I'm feeling kind
of curious
injured nude girls room that's perfect
they're still alive but they can't get
away let's go there she's a grown a
wheeled IV bag now on the ICU stage
amber I was eating some pizza and I
burnt the roof of my mouth and I thought
wait a minute this is the ceiling of my
mouth roof my mouth is up here my head
architecture is all messed up thought
the Attic of my mouth
I wish my smoke detector had a fajita
setting on it never cooking it's like
oops I'll hold up these just reheat it
let's not be an asshole here it's
totally fine let's not make him get up
on a stool with a magazine in front of
this barely trying to cook for why did
that people who can eat really spicy
food things that the rest of us give a
shit
I see a really doughy food but I don't
brag about it when we sit down for
dinner yo can you eat Joey food because
I can eat this Joey is
I can eat the whitest white bread you
have no idea how to eat one thing I
learned is that it's never okay to walk
through a cemetery dress as a mummy even
if that was just like a shortcut on the
way to the costume party
I was never appreciated and mommy learnt
that scariest monsters you know what I
mean like a werewolf will eat you
terrifying
Frankenstein will beat the shit out of
you I mean big
Dracula is going to suck your blood but
what the hell's a mummy just someone who
was well preserved after they died
that's probably someone people liked and
respected I mean why did they preserve
him you know I'm not going to run from
the mummy I want to know who he was
who what were your interests also we're
out of napkins can we just use you
[Music]
I've done this weird thing where like
I'm chasing a girl and my eyes are
closed but then for some reason halfway
through the kids I'm like and then she
opens her eyes and I'm like
maybe she didn't see me
what is your use in that situation what
were you doing I was protecting alright
so let's do the next thing
I think that I'm so grateful that you
guys came out early
[Music]
when I have a baby I want to put
anti-aging cream on her right away
it would be like your baby looks amazing
that a fetus so I know it's the cream
we're getting to start really early
I was working he doesn't look a day over
zero thank you
I think telemarketer would be a hard job
you can't call out sick it's me I can't
work today
you called me shit
I saw rice milk in the store
I need no right-side nipples squeeze his
little rice I never went bungee jumping
the clothes I did was I was born
[Music]
wonder if it's rude for a deaf person to
talk with food in their hand
[Music]
put down that cheeseburger that's
disgusting
I think it's cool and an ex-girlfriend
becomes an Excel girlfriend
[Music]
they probably don't get a lot of work
done at the bubble wrap Factory
[Music]
everybody cool is terrible for education
but it's perfect for eyebrows I know
Rosa sneeze but she's not cute enough
for that so season annoy at the battles
of bands the loser is always the
audience
I lost my fog machine the lesson running
for too long I don't know how fog got
associated with partying weather is way
too dangerous to drive in
you guys want to dance I can move
objects with my mind if I use my hands I
[Music]
want to fill a pinata with actual animal
guts that's what I call a surprise party
kid
[Music]
I did in my friend hey can future
question he said no too late business
[Music]
I've met people were passive-aggressive
but I never met anyone who was
aggressive past it
I don't want tacos maybe most dick
people are black
[Music]
when I was in high school these twins
got mono
they got stereo
[Music]
I'm a man of my word and that word is
unreliable when I take photos of account
of the five
[Music]
that's when people start getting real
Wonder like I'm going to be in a photo I
got a fake idea of their club but to
here it is the three what for what's
going on a five look a book master
[Music]
I was walking down the street and some
husband Utley do good for you sometimes
I feel like I'm making a connection with
a stranger but then it turns out I'm not
like I was in the mall and I saw this
lady hitting her kid so laughter and I
was like yeah get him you got all mad at
me I was like I'm on your side here
[Music]
sometimes it I really want to get
someone's attention I'll sort of
sentences something like I'm not racist
but