you may be so much everybody thank you
for clap
all right a good crowd all right thank
you
that guy had a hive wood and all right I
got a lot of jokes I'm just gonna start
telling them here we go I went to a
baseball game last summer in a stadium
and a huge TV in the staining of a
Jumbotron and this guy proposed to his
girlfriend using the giant TV he put her
name up there said will you marry me she
said yes the crowd went wild they found
the couple and the audience I'm
certainly thinking god that's so
romantic
so cool and then I remember thinking you
know you could also use a screen like
that having trouble breaking up with
somebody
okay I'm gonna grab a hot dog definitely
look at that
move way out of it I think my favorite
time I've seen this bridge maybe I see
too honest you know it's just like
bridge maybe I don't know I'm alright I
don't have a conscious mind I'm a tilted
yellow square and what are these shapes
on in front of me I mean bridge maybe
chocolate whatever you want I don't
bridge may not be I see that means the
same thing as bridge maybe I see it even
better you know it's more optimistic
that's the better side bridge may not be
I see a head like your attitude huh
bridge is probably not on me give it a
shot
even better it dog is bridge probably
not eyes you're right one thing I don't
like is please use other door you're a
fucking door you don't get to take a
break
should band or just swing Jordan to the
wall this is ridiculous
let's you please use another door
I wish I had a sign with me to put on
the other door that says no no no you
first or first or pulling bullshit first
or ladies first or trust me find way to
use first or yeah okay I like that sign
beware of dog it's not that at Staples
they had them they look really
professional I just wanted to buy a pile
of them but I'm not been stupid places
yeah like I can imagine of a fancy
restaurant
I give us a good of the bathroom oh shit
the dog in my bedroom
just hang one around dog's neck
what a vicious considerable we have
there under that I really you know like
you get a massage they lay you down on
that table and then the hole that you
look through just Center it under the
hole on the floor and I'm gonna get a
massage great oh shit frickin dog in
this room
pets or animals that are not delicious I
[Music]
don't think that was time to think I
think we probably tried to eat all of
them like okay these don't taste good
we'll give me first names and sweaters
and we'll hang out with them then let
the rest go sleepy we can eat birds I
kept like we eat birds
how did that start suppose like you see
that clatter I'll put in my mouth and
that looks good I'm covered in feathers
none I'll do some shit to nothing and
what if it doesn't taste good so I'll
capture it and I'll put it in a cage and
it'll live in my kitchen and I'll have
it shit on old news I couldn't name the
birds man I mean turkeys would break the
wishbone we've killed the bird with
cookie and really eat man and we're like
you want to break it fucking bones man
yeah yeah let's breaking the bone now
make a wish
what did you wish for that to all turkey
if you invite is a fine line between
having a pet and having a hostage from
the different speaking you go to
somebody's house and I close the door
I'll get out close the door
I'll get out okay kind of relationship
do you have with this dog exactly I
walked away the dog like that Lucien
open the door let me out come on I can't
share what I want to open this door
woman put sunglasses on me last week
company heater when she's sleeping you
can open the goddamn door right now
I saw posters did missing cats and a
picture a cat and a whole description
missing huh I think that I'm a human
perspective
[Music]
the cat made that blizzards a free cat
finally picture the cab you like cat
does hunter can come through Canada no
first name don't look for cab fuck off
leave em alone fuck off okay yeah we get
it the hairless cat that's a
weird-looking animal looks like somebody
procrastinate it when they were
designing animals or something okay
animals are due for Earth today I
thought they were due Monday
no they're due today
oh shit now I am finished
the hairless cat what do you think I
think it was like a mess out of what God
says I wonder what the hairless cat
looks like to regular cats walks by and
they're like or I've learned that
there's a fine line between killing a
fly and applauding the fly it was one of
my living room I was trying to kill it
too slow so just following the fly
around my house clapping for sending the
exact wrong message to the fly like ah
that's going to like what I'm doing I
like that he's got the carpet let me fly
right if you think your closest honest
Matt agree happy I have an l-shaped sofa
lower teens
some stuff seems like a really harsh
term for that stuff maybe we overreacted
a little bit with that one but this soap
scum I think that's just dry so fat no
this shit betrayed me that used to help
me clean now I have to clean it
although its form of soap there is
manually John like that when I was
little I learned that pleased with the
magic word then I get a little older and
I learned that abracadabra the magic
word
then I'm not that they're never
interchangeable under any circumstance
for you sir
I will have the grilled cheese with
tomato abracadabra okay here's your real
cheese enjoy
well abracadabra just look at me when
I'm talking to you
abracadabra
and as a fourth example but I can't
think and I'm a white comedian those are
the rules
white privilege does not extend on to
this date you see one thing you don't
see that often in the black magician I
don't have any black magician probably
because of racism the black I make
something that's a bit of like hey get
him it's magic know you're black white I
can make a whole woman does it I guess
she's fine he's wise don't worry about
it
[Music]
people get so mad when you run and try
to catch the elevator can't get over how
angry they get what they really hate is
when you're running catches you go it's
one thing hey everybody have a good ride
okay I don't like that people are crabby
in elevators one time I was in an
elevator and I hit the wrong floor and
then I had my floor and people looked at
me like I stabbed a baby and father
massage I just made a mistake
all these moment of my life is when we
got to the first floor that I had
the door is open nobody got on woody got
off the elevator is like now this s all
my stuff I'm going to stay open extra
long and to like improvise some sort of
a cover you know I just leaned out of my
body he was going to meet me on for us
weird huh I would do you ask somebody
how to do it sometimes we'll say hey
okay I think they're giving you the
beginning of a weird multiple choice
answer or something are you doing a ok
be suicidal be horny ok I think I'm
gonna head out gain all in your bug hold
on I was in the supermarket and I
thought I had prune juice for sale and I
had to stop and I was like Rogers
I thought prunes were dried plums that
was purchased how I'm reading these
prune come on you little shit we'll get
them just on it
Janus 97 prunes we have one glass should
we keep going there's not such thing as
prune juice that's bullshit it plunges
that the reason your opponent that we
took the juice from the plum leaving you
and you took credit calling it your
juice what would you move prune
reversing raisin juice for cell runs are
pushy having nothing nature your prune
looks like sending a cop into your
stomach to break up the party who's
suggesting have a good time you need a
pearl left on the server now come on
move up piece of broccoli my friend fill
in that I don't give a shit no pun
intended we gotta clear loved everything
I like french toast
way better than toast I think a French
kid it's nicer than just a plain kiss so
I guess the rule is you make something
French you make it better
except for people
ah
on exception please understand they're
not better than equal to the same exact
crunch people are different here's a
funny thing to me what an interesting
concept is like hey I got his number and
remember the time I went to Paris and
you didn't ya put this on your mantle
seat remember the time that I had a
great vacation and you stayed home
because you couldn't afford to go bingo
enjoyed a piece of garbage from another
continent in which you're always good
I like airports though because they have
those flat escalators people never look
more like grocery and when they're gone
through an airport gone by only a lot of
those rubber dividers the supermarket
just put it on the vinegar is my stuff
out here so don't try to make me carry
your shampoo they had fun I don't like
when I stopped at a stoplight zoom in my
car the light changes become a crosswalk
and they don't like hurry up to get out
of the way and sometimes it'll be like a
tough guy in the group and he'll like
slow down almost just a shot of Tuffy is
like looking at my car like you're gonna
fight it you know
I think you should be able to hit one
person a year with your car not to kill
just to communicate they hate you know
with my turn as he rolls over the top of
your car maybe everything can confiscate
youth is one hit for the year on me
maybe I'm a dick yeah fucking the
crosswalk and the light changes I'm not
saying I run out of the way but I make a
gesture to the driver who's waving to
let him know that I'm not a dick you
know everything the light changes I
don't run but I do it thing with my arms
and go
Justina go with horses running lucky
trying to think the good person if the
event of top half is inconsiderate I
[Music]
like that a lot of crosswalks to have a
countdown it's like they tell you
exactly when it will be funny to push
your friend in the traffic one time I
was at a crosswalk I saw a guy wearing
the same shirt that I was wearing was
kind of a specific shirt and I looked at
him and he was a dork just like a dorky
looking guy I thought I've got the same
teeth as a dork that makes me a dork
that sucks you know two months later I'm
in a restaurant happen again I see a guy
wearing the same shirt that I'm wearing
but he was really good-looking
who's with a beautiful woman I just
looked at him and I thought I'm the door
Jeff when I bought a box of crackers
took out the first cracker and I looked
at it had holes throughout the cracker I
was trying to figure out why the holes
that's for our dynamics maybes how
quickly I can eat these crackers so glad
they perforated them with that tiny
drill traffic without those I can win
resistance on this cracker that joke
never does well but I like it so I'm
sure I believe in it yeah there were
like six people on here who like you
thought yeah that's my demographic the
crackers jokin
sambaiah how bad does the cat have to be
for it to be an uneducated guess do you
know the temperature outside carrot
she's been carrot yeah I was just
guessing I don't care
are you educated no no I'm not okay well
that makes sense because it's never been
carrots outside and never will be
terrace so you need to get an education
go to school and come back to me maybe
you can make an educated yet okay we
know what a walrus vampire would look
like
a lot like the other walruses are hard
to pick it out of the crowd I like to
work folks because it's so positive
you know lacks folks white folks Asian
folks it's got a good feel to it you
know you ever hear I was at a party to
me fucking folks showed up folks to the
worst never hear on the news plenty of
folks were killed when a positive trend
for folks idea that's the word that you
never see the English translation for
you never see that in English you know
and just keep it as bad I guess there
may be a - awkward or something yeah I
can be sure I will have a cheese female
small
one little cheese girl for me that'd be
great okay you want any peppers or
chicken in there no I think she's been
through enough I feel like they could
bring fajitas out from the kitchen a
little bit later
not a showboating going on with the heat
and he's on that third fire emergency
coming through the dining room has
fajitas they just need attention Kaka
how being some fajitas and I burnt the
roof of my mouth and like this my mouth
that hurts
two agenda seguida meant the roof of my
mouth this is healing of my mouth roof
of my mouth is way up here whoever named
this was not using the attic of their
mouth at all
I love applause 4head architecture
took super shuttle from the airport I
think we forgot to put the word flow in
the middle of their name
hey everybody some tic-tacs and you want
them I'm happy to give you some just
don't give me a specific number
you're stressful yeah you want to okay
111 I don't want those that they're in
your palm you just keep them okay I was
in high school I took karate one time I
lost my temper in class that's when I
learned that there was a difference
between taking karate and receiving
karate
I received the shit out of that karate I
[Music]
like when people use the term color
scheme because it sounds so sneaky okay
we're gonna make this room look great
now we're going to do it blue beige
Grinch somebody coming okay let's say I
got it
sometimes the opposite of something bad
is also bad it's confusing
like pickpocketing that's bad but I
found that putting things in people's
pockets is also that
so snip pocketing and it's opposite foot
pocketing are both fast logic is tricky
when we talk to baby sometimes we use
baby talk I guess to relate to the baby
we try to sound more like a baby know
the hill ooh we should do that with all
people too I live long enough that joke
is gonna haunt me what she's done with
teenagers - what's up asshole
what are you doing I'm talking teen teen
talk don't worry about it I parked my
car and a grocery store parking lot I
got out of my car and I was walking
towards the store and this guy stopped
me this is Demetri I said yeah he said
hey could I be in one of your jokes
I said sure how about this one
cuz I don't care what what does it
entail like that's pretty much it like
then I'm cool a bang kamikaze Asha like
Julaine I just told it seriously I'm
again your net walked away who's best
off like you know fictional people can
become moody it's ridiculous it's
interesting that we say a head of
lettuce but not a dick of cucumber
yeah give me a community cucumber a big
red you know it's to get the catalog for
those in the bacteria our Kiwis in
season bear okay three times the Kabuki
reality Buddhism and a regular thing
that sounds delicious
I said based on their behavior cherry
tomatoes are not interested in
participating in the salad that's right
I don't think so what up le bases are
you going to be like I'm trying to damn
rubber ball in this salad is ridiculous
too much work and I get to the bottom of
the salad and it's just like a bowl of
defiant small tomatoes that are like
we're no longer a salad were Tomatoes
now what I'm just thinking with my head
that I bited so much drama like wanna
[Music]
balance just so much work you know you
got to get the ingredients wash
everything dry everything mix it
together dress it then I go to eat the
salad now I have to make a small copy of
the salad on my fork
for everybody not to drink okay lettuce
onion cherry tomato churn forget it
mushroom pepper how to make another
small salad here we go flooded how's
your salad it's 17 small salads that I
had to make I'm probably why in a
restaurant the waiters night are you
still working on that salad you've got
them right up working
I'm exhausted take the thing away from
me I think if a recipe is unhealthy for
you they should change their tone and
how they describe the steps I feel like
the tone never changes it's just like a
sociopath telling you what to do and we
don't care if it's like quinoa or
cheesecake or just like just do this I
don't care if it's unhealthy else like
cinnamon sticky buns
step one run seven miles
Destin's before combining brown sugar
and caramel in bowl pick up all of your
clothes and stand in front of the mirror
you sure you want to do this alright
step 14 contact your doctor you have
diabetes I can't believe people can
still die from complications in today's
day and age that count as a valid
medical reason I mean how's that even
acceptable so what happened exactly
well we got him into the or and we
opened him up and now it was complicated
you know he's a lot of blood and there's
all over the place and the organs are
pretty tightly packed Brenda didn't have
a good lunch my phone went off too late
is it complicated he's dead okay forget
about it he had cremated is that all or
nothing can you can make requests I
wonder if you just like half or
something alright whatever you want
because he wants to be cremated from the
waist down okay video yeah open casket
cause it's worse than with the one end
then the ashes and I lead to a lamp and
he's dressed as a genie
good for them you haven't followed that
I think that's cool I'm thinking maybe I
get cremated but instead of having them
put me into an urn and haven't pulled me
into like an hourglass and I could still
participate in order name like my
grandkids will be playing a board game
I'd like that's my grandfather on the
mantle over there grab that yes he's
like six minutes welcome over the bonus
round categories here we go joke did and
death don't usually and happy sound like
life
I might just picture to prepare material
for the rest with that I thought I could
freestyle a little bit about the insides
came out a little too much
how's the show I'm sad
when they say someone is gone but not
forgotten it's such a nice sentiment
know what I mean
forgotten but not gone that's a fuck did
he die who we even talking about I don't
remember but something goes wrong people
send you their thoughts and prayers and
it's a nice idea but it's kind of weird
yeah I mean I understand sending the
prayers but the thought kind of strange
the other Demitri sentences thoughts and
prayers how do they look up the press
book appropriate posture kind of weird
thinking of clipping his toenails
tonight before he goes to bed I don't
know why we need to know that we're
grieving here but the thing I was
walking on the beach in California and
our volleyball rolled up by my feet and
it's got yelled little help so I just
kicked it a little bit tourism
I like watching volleyball
I think it's a good sport to watch
because most sports it looks like all
the players really want the ball the
volleyball is different that looks like
nobody wants that thing okay we don't
want this domestic you know this pair is
like I don't want it you taking I don't
fucking want it let's try this again we
don't want it there another league a
game for people who don't like
volleyball on the other hand that looks
like everybody wants that theme so badly
not I mean other players that give me
the ball I'll catch it I won't drop it
I'll covet it I'll protect it it's fine
you know they should make the football
look like something as you would protect
and covet and hold a baby football so
look like a baby as if they were shaped
like baby those guys would look like
such heroes and like throwing and
catching a baby and protecting it until
they get to the extra point then it
looks particularly
there's it goes to the upright okay
indoor sports don't look as cool as
outdoor sports pool that's pretty cool
but not in movies are the guys like and
lady walks adding just comic and smooth
but I don't even know what's the second
coolest indoor sport it's like a distant
second maybe darts she walks in the barn
unite your hockey
to the doll I've worked on this food our
sheep pubes also wool ouch my turtleneck
is cubes I don't want to wear that thing
anymore
keeps on my neck I don't like that you
can say mind your own business you keep
there mind your own beeswax I think
that's the only time you can really
substitute beeswax for business your
trip beeswax for pleasure stress be much
better than that personal beings work to
rather not talk about it what are you
doing after college quite - beeswax cool
so we'll see what happens
a dozen zombies left on earth I like the
word nope because it's really specific
that's for when you want to say no but
you're also happy about it
you still serving breakfast nope he
never here
unfortunately nope
don't forget
sometimes when I have to fart I feel
like my stomach is like a pushy attorney
and my butt is like a judge I'm going
back and forth having this curious
debate back and forth more and more
heated eventually my butt is like
allowing pain this better be silent
counselor so frustrating I don't know
why bang Digga so many fart jokes I'll
sit down to write some jokes or go for a
walk
fart jokes just flowed into my head I'm
prolific with our jokes but it's
frustrating because I can't tell them
all because the best style to have is
its meaning in here I mean you ought to
be the guy who tells a lot of fart jokes
so I ended up having to hold them in I
just a hold in jokes about Sparky then
and it hurts
then I get home as you tell one giant
fart joke
my place that I'm alone and that's
that's terrible I don't know a lot about
the laws of the universe but I will say
this just on the topic if you're a man
and you're alone somewhere and you fart
a woman will appear damn just like that
like they know and they just said one is
for to get over your trunk and even
better go who finished and Barris that
dude my friend said I'm way better with
faces I am with names again me too
everybody is if I see somebody like that
this face right there
the fleshy part on the front that does
everybody think he's like a brother to
me
I said I'm so sorry so he stole a bunch
of money from your mom and he tries to
fight here whenever you go back to New
Jersey I can relate to real guys - I was
in a jewelry store and they had this
necklace it was like cursive writing in
gold and it said Diane and I went up to
a saleswoman I said you know if you had
one that did not die and I think you'd
have a bigger market
[Music]
and I heard something oh that's a good
point and I turned and it was the guy
from the parking lot in the grocery
store what are you doing here they just
wanted to stop and do another mediocre
joke people do shotgun when they want
the front teeth a shotgun when you're
eating right then you have to sneeze
that moment where there's no turning
back we're just like no zooms about to
come out of my face I don't know how to
tell you what's up
I've heard people talking about their
private parts I'd like to hear someone
talk about their public park you okay
yeah I had to turn my public on that
door I'm fine to public's my hand I'm
the public sometimes it'll be an awkward
situation and I'll try to save it really
quickly but staying something fast but
often it just makes it worse I was at a
party in the film and said excuse me
your fly's open
that's a business I mean thank you sorry
you're on the phone with somebody and
they're looking up some information for
you I don't know why but they often make
a soft Laser sound while you're waiting
you're not a man to be like we concerned
them just look up your account number
[Music]
how totally acceptable only was a soft
laser can't be right
okay he charges one minute there it is
excuse me the time when they came out
what the Phillips head screwdriver I
wonder if the guy who did the flat hat
was like what we could get credit for
this shit I see a scary movie and I come
home there's a noise in my house it
sounds scary I've seen a lot of fine
movies I wish it would work the same way
did you hear that in the kitchen yeah I
was not gonna wear it
there's somebody hilarious in town and I
hope it was when does the more stuff I
don't like the way they write on the
food packaging
I think it's condescending because they
use euphemisms what it really shouldn't
you know like it was a best before April
third best before this is the time to be
discussing excellence about dangerous
starting on diarrhea at who it is tricky
like milk starts out good and becomes
bad then it becomes disgusting and it
becomes dangerous then it becomes key
way to turn it around Belk who figured
that out now your place is not terrible
you guys get rid of this crap hold on I
just wait I want to see where this is
going this vomit should tell might turn
into the thing I want to melt over
everything I wait
Tyrel inventing foods i would have never
come up with the hotdogs
that is a very counterintuitive food
design okay what do you got all right we
start with the intestine of a dead
animal we take all the meat by pot you
can throw away burn it up shove it in
the intestine I'm listening what does it
look like every house it served on a
bundle looks like partially spread apart
ask you what do you think
they're calling a dog burst in here
peeling it'll work in America when I was
in grade school they had the alphabet on
the wall above the chalkboard and kind
of going around the corner and it was
interesting that you could see the
uppercase and lowercase letter for each
letter it looked like a parent and child
from each family you know what I mean
and what some of them you can really see
the resemblance
like with X there's like that's
definitely your parent I mean I can see
you're like a carbon copy see I totally
get the s I mean identical others like
harder to really see you know like a I
give that no I don't really see the
resemblance looks like an L with like a
crotch or something okay our did you
smoke when you're pregnant or sometimes
I could look unfinished sublevel
weird-looking child down there
and Q get B and G and I have an affair
or something and they're like oh what do
we do with the kid and Q was like I
hardly get used I could adopt it and
look after
I call it Q don't worry about it you're
in a restaurant and you want to get the
check
just go like that and they bring you the
check I just you should be able to do
that at your job too you know your boss
wants language I get the check
I need the check now yes to the fancy
that the only time it's okay to throw a
hamster is if it's done of the window of
a burning building
then you're a hero you're like Liv I'm
so great excited the way I always want
to look wanna my smoke alarm is so
annoying I hated that house Katie work
so they're going to annoy me into being
seen I'm gonna put like microwave
popcorn around my house I wake up in the
middle of my mic that smells great
I gotta get the fuck out of here
to snack on the lab again gia you trying
to jump somebody a letter on the phone
she'll be like be ism boy Emma and Mary
that's what people do they would pick
the first letter of the word you could
mix it up
oh and tango happens and death are isn't
far okay sir we get it
I don't like fitted sheet I feel like
that's a very passive-aggressive design
we're dealing with there because it has
to be the exact same size as my mattress
can you give me a little bit of wiggle
room I get my laundry and I'm learning a
bad mood and I approach my mattress to
the first corner than the second but to
tell me to the third I'm looking at the
fourth light bitch
I get over there and just struggling
like I can't do it come on go
my fingers are killing me I'm just
pulling that thing down the side as far
as I can go I get half way down I'm like
that's enough it's fine
4:00 in the morning surprise that
stuffing
well you need to thin blanket three go
now what I find that athletic clothes
are perfect for just sitting around in
these the gentlemen that make me look
ambitious but lifted an athlete I'll
even watch sport there we go up some
clue when I was in high school I
couldn't decide whether I wanted to be
on the debate team or not that was
frustrating happy birthday by the way
daddy statistics everybody at three
things for companies you turn 30 that's
cool
how's it going what are you doing
what like life was chopped line that's
not that question I did you say what do
you do
[Music]
she left Asha
like I'm 30 I don't have to deal with
this shit what's the minimum number of
people you can have and count to the
surprise party I wonder seems like it's
got to be greater than one like if you
come home and just one friend jumps out
from behind your cast
surprised the hell out of my mouth it's
a party now you're an intruder if I rob
people's houses I would just bring a lot
of people and a cake just in case the
person came home say what can you like
subscribe hey we got your all your stuff
we put it in back ok we're going to
going to connect come on I think what I
like the most about people who are very
religious is how open they are to other
people's punches you
it's 9 I like 18 because you don't
really ever hear about like an ad is
like blowing up a school or you know a
restaurant or something remember like
science logic I heard this R&B; song came
on the radio I was in a rental car
turned the radio on song comes on this
guy's like kind of telling a story kind
of whining ok I'm listening all of a
sudden in the middle of a song a rapper
shows up kissing guys are friends or
something he shows up he does a whole
rap which is his own thing finishes up
he take top we never hear from him again
he's gone first guy comes back and he
finishes the story and the songs over I
said that was hilarious because I've
never seen that in any other art form
not like in literature and you're
reading a book would you think that
nozzle pretty good you know I like I got
into the story for seven chapters in the
middle there was a really angry first
person essay this other writer I got
other friends or something but that's
kind of a big big put all these women at
the whole thing and uh not going to buy
him stuff so he made that clear he'll
sleep with somebody I'm not looking to
get tied down all caps very very
confident plotted entwined and then the
essay was over and I went back to the
story ends right the kid I could climb
trees I would the thing I could do I
can't do anymore I lost that privilege
you know and if I go down a street I see
a bunch of kids and trees oh my god
they're having fun I put on the same
stream they're adults and all the trees
I like I need to get you a fucking tree
now
the bad is happening on this street
like a wolf or something that's how you
know you're a grown-up if someone's
either in a trainer like den help
I don't know alive it is somebody
smelling something and they also close
their eyes while they're doing it
sauce maca Menifee open your eyes you
can do both you can look and sometimes
don't do that sometimes they have a
bottle I'll have a little ship inside
looks cool it's like the ship in the
bottle you know that would probably be
the worst thing to have float up to an
island that you're stranded on there's
no time for irony people only mention
that it's a free country when they're
doing something shitty
like hey that's my seat at the free
country people should mention it's a
free country when they do something nice
to hold the door for us people thank you
sir
it's a free country yes it is and you
are a patriot thank you yeah I wonder if
you're in prison if the other inmates
judge you based on what you're in for
like when they're organizing events or
activities you know but should we get
Joey on the committee nah he's in for
attempted murder I feel like it I don't
really see things through and your
choose down here with me on your
tombstone they have the birth date and
the death date and I'm in-between your
whole life everything you experienced
joy triumphs defeat love heartbreak your
whole life is just little - after all
this that's a bummer I'm not doing that
I'm gonna have an alleged this I'm gonna
have a three done
somebody looked at my troops on the B
suspense could be like she was born and
when he dies 30 then three more God and
a third day holy shit has got really old
with an interesting good person I would
never go tandem skydiving something goes
wrong you're getting dry hump to death
what a horrible way to girl what
happened
looks like you got dry hump caught about
200 miles per hour into the earth I got
an email from someone said at the bottom
warmest regards Stephen that's why I
realized that's as warm as you can go
with regards
yeah I mean like hot regards Steven
that's not a country teaming teaming
hopper guards me he just shit my email
warm or room temperature regards would
be just fine for me okay
regards are strange to you can only
really send them it's very hard to give
them in person to tell somebody hey give
them my regards and they can kind of be
the middleman and pass the regards along
you show up at a friend's house they
open the door like hey regard tell was
that I'm regarding you don't do it it's
awkward I don't know how to deal with it
please send them through someone else in
the future okay I like buying shoes
because you go to the store and they
have the little mirrors they have the
little slanted nerves
so funny yeah how those go you feel good
I'm just wondering give anything like it
show me what they look like to dogs
yes we do we have these ridiculous
boners all over the room oh those are
perfect yeah because I don't want to be
involved in a reflection I don't want my
identity linked to the shoes at odds new
shoes and severed shins just floating
around the room look at this unfortunate
or something would be perfect for me
maybe it's like when you buy gloves they
don't have mirrors off to this time
really - that's good just good lovin my
wrists let's go the forearm in the glove
is all I really need is right there I
thought needy commercial for TV the
reason for the commercial was look at
how amazing the picture is on that TV I
looked at our like that looks remarkably
identical to the resolution of my TV I
think I'm good thing
I like to turn sexual favor to the
really funny understatement yeah I think
I think you do for you on yeah just um I
can ask a favor
well you need a ride or something yeah
kind of alright I get something hostage
now I wanted to be like a dead space in
the middle of this special stuff I
wonder if I am I use editing afraid of
night here like it suddenly appear over
there cool I work huh you can't see me
right now
[Music]
I was almost moved it was so close I
[Music]
love playing guitar I find it to relax
I'm not great at it but you know I still
play enjoy I try to write songs but on
my gift I'm gonna protest on but it was
an instrumental very effective my friend
called my other friend at night out I
was like you know elves are nocturnal
you could probably just call him an owl
I was covered I think it's cool that
flash mob came and went so quickly the
Sahaba
I find that it's a lot less creepy that
moment to get with you and for you when
I thought with number one pencil you
like they really blew it
my friends really dude it's doing the
robot I'm pretty good you can imagine a
robot so technically advanced that it
looks exactly like a regular human being
who's standing on the side of the dance
floor being a judgmental app dumped
animals are cute unless they once Liz
[Music]
I want to see you sneaking spaghetti I
thought it was Shark Week the Sharks did
a week every year but live we will get
only three more weeks than sharks have
touches
that's tough I know we're afraid of
Falls but I was it is appropriate
[Music]
my friend has a beachbody kind of like a
elion I want to open an optical store
not like this I'm really blurry
I think the best form of birth control
is correcting other people's grammar
works every time
I guess we came up with the word crap
because I think art and city aren't
about to me
what restaurant that doesn't deliver
that should is a food truck
to drive it to my house come on you're
perfectly equipped for this teeth bugs
don't like to get along really well with
each other I think most people who
describe the thought of the people
person she may be checked with others
before they give themself that title one
place that what I want to be changed
Kenya
[Music]
I think my favorite thing of all time
ever everything ever exaggeration no I'm
sorry
I like second guessing the best that's
our second
if I had asked fi out the only thing I
would put in there is it knows that this
nice try asking I feel like most people
are assholes because when a group of
people and I know asshole they all turn
and look sometimes I'm worried that I
might be an asshole I feel like I'm a
good person but at the same time I think
somebody trip I feel like yeah wasn't me
Paul is the only season that has another
name like that one had a sex change
something you know everything fall
recently you mean autumn not jump is not
offensive
[Music]
sometimes instead of saying for example
offices something such as such as for
example I go to the gym religiously
about 20 year around the holidays
I think Jesus probably wanted first
scarecrow
Thank You harmonica
I don't like double-decker buses that I
have to - yeah there's a situation where
you can get in a car accident and fall
down the stairs the same time linked to
dangers if you're in a drum circle I
want to fit the moment where you're like
I'm never going to be rich
I think solved the terrible nickname for
that part of the male anatomy all
fantasize all these things we don't want
does it grow balls and you bounce them
you come all bad terrible
we should have named them something
better men
su-kam allowances for occurrence of five
I was in high school I experimented
sexually he's battling with they never
have sex with anybody no matter how hard
I tried
we're having sex with somebody you can
say yes or yeah or uh-huh but the reason
you can't say yes oh yes baby