the unexamined life is not worth living
Socrates said that over 2,000 years ago
and I agree with him I would just add
man the unexamined life is not worth
living man because that hits me here but
when you do examine life can you go too
far how much is too much man that's the
question I had to ask myself recently
because in examining my life I got
carried away you see some people are
passionate about money or power other
people are into sex or cats while I like
three of those things my passion is for
something less tangible
I love figuring things out the process
of exploring a possibility to discover
something new that's my passion that's a
simple pleasure I've enjoyed since I was
a kid but recently things got
complicated that's what I want to talk
about tonight this is a story about what
happens when one man's obsessive
analytical mind goes too far and turns
on itself my story starts with one
little word if and one medium-sized
person I if I the statement if implying
possibility I implying Dmitri because
you see it's in the if that I seem to
have lost and then rediscovered the I to
put it another way I figured since I
don't have a job or a girlfriend or much
going on back in my flat why not write
an entire show about one word if but
what does that word mean where does one
find meaning in life a dictionary the
Nerds Bible hello old friend
this dictionaries American which means
it's probably fat
okay let's look up the word if has five
meanings these are the five chapters in
my story tonight let's start at the
beginning
if meaning in the event then okay a
sample sentence always helps let's do
one if I eat another brownie I will have
explosive diarrhea or in my case when I
was a child if I was uncomfortable or
insecure I would escape into my mind you
see I believe that every person has a
lens through which they see the world
each of us in this room has a unique
lens and that lens determines the
meaning of everything you encounter
people places experiences even simple
objects for example I have a bottle of
beer here this is a bottle of Rolling
Rock beer an American beer that you
might find in a bar or the linen closet
of a depressed housewife but it's more
than that depending upon your lens an
artist might look at this and see
something green that's lit from the
front and the sides an ad executive
might look at it and see the centerpiece
of a billboard a guy in a fraternity
might look at it and then beat up
somebody gay or brown my point is each
lens is unique because it's derived from
specific experience I'm no exception
when I was a kid I'd sit in class in
school and I had trouble paying
attention my mind would wander and I
needed something to entertain myself
something to bring into class to amuse
myself you know sneak in my own reading
but it was never anything cool like
muscle flex or sophisticated like jugs
no you know what I snuck into class
puzzle books like this Mensa presents
mighty mind Busters
yeah that's what I'm sneaking I'm a
hiding this behind my notebook while
other kids are daydreaming about pecs
and tits in my head there was a very
different sound if a crab and a half way
a pound and a half but the half crab
weighs as much again as the whole crab
what do half the whole crab and the
whole of the half crab way yeah baby
hurts so good I had a pile of these
books obnoxious titles games for the
super-intelligent brain workout brain
workout for I can't even remember all
the titles I think one of them was I'm
smart how can I prove it five and I
would toil over these problems when I
got one right I would be like yes I am
smart these other idiots don't know how
much the crabs weigh what I do cuz I
just spent Saturday working it out
i matter see that was a way to feel
validated as a kid you have definite
problems in front of you with definite
answers in the back you look it up
banana
yeah I'm right definitely cool I'm
better than I was this morning I
progress besides I had a plan 11 years
old I figured it out
career corporate lawyer done check
what's for lunch I just knew where I was
headed
class yeah whatever teacher I got my
little puzzles I'm gonna do my own thing
a cowboy of academics on the edge
besides look other things may have
contributed I wasn't athletic I was on
the church basketball team but that was
because I was Greek and had legs and
ladies the chicks didn't get what I was
about despite my performance on the math
team ladies that's cool squared
sounds even worse now whatever the
reason I spent a lot of time as a kid
doing these puzzle books and it came to
shape the way I see the world
so now as an adult I see the world in
those terms for example to me a phone
number is always a sentence or an
equation like my friend Becky her
numbers 9 7 1 1 1 8 1 which is 9 minus 7
quantity times 1 equals 11 minus
quantity 8 plus 1 if we do a little work
we see her numbers just 2 equals 2
that's much simpler or my friend Michael
if you look at the numbers on a
telephone the letters that go with them
make this sentence out of his number Oh
or okay
Oh ZK what does it mean I don't know he
doesn't know but that's how we start
every conversation even when I walk down
the street things look a little
different the signs the letters dance
around it like it becomes a little
puzzle for me so say mobile the gas
station becomes Lin Bo Starbucks becomes
racks bust carphone warehouse
ah once our crap we when I meet somebody
if I meet you for the first time you
tell me your name I spell it immediately
it's spelled in the air and then I try
to rearrange the letter see if I can get
something out say I meet a girl Denise
Houston good to meet you Demetri Denise
how do you spell your name that's what I
thought
Denise are you aware that the letters in
your name also spell she not snide ow
not the coolest way to meet a lady which
unfortunately usually makes Demetri
Martin mired trite man and I get
frustrated and I just want to say darn
it merit me it's cool though I know that
someday I'll meet the right lady I'll
rearrange the letters in her name and it
will make trim ta ride me but I digress
I just feel like there's a parallel
world right in front of us that's
revealed with a small shift in
perspective like sometimes when I look
at a doughnut it looks like a zero it's
like it's saying this is how many of me
you should eat but then other times you
see a bunch of doughnuts in a row and it
looks like it says ooh eat all of us
then I do when there's one left and says
oh not cool fatty I don't own a poncho I
don't have a poncho but if somebody says
to me do you have a poncho I don't say
no I say not right now because I do have
a blanket and scissors at any moment I
am four minutes from a poncho if you
wait here I will be back with a serape
made out of a comforter in four minutes
even this bottle of beer this simple
object when I look at this when I see
her words print it all over it in the
design and the warning on the side and
the message on the back and I start to
wonder is there more meaning on this
simple object it appears at first glance
what if somebody took every word off
this bottle and rearrange them could it
reveal more meaning about beer and bars
people who drink beer a lot that's what
I did I took every word off this it's
the first poem in your program tonight
it's every word off of this bottle in a
different order if you haven't read it
you don't have to read it now read it
after the show and think of me in a bar
alone uncomfortable insecure completely
lost in my mind which raises the
question why why would a guy sit down
with a napkin and a pen a bottle of beer
and write rolling rolling enjoyment
taste beer the answer lies in the second
meaning of the word if if meaning
although possibly even though okay
sample sentence she was an enchanting if
toothless woman or in my case I spend a
lot of time doing time consuming if
completely unproductive things by the
time I got to college I wasn't doing
puzzle books anymore I was becoming a
man an adult I had evolved and more
puzzle books now I was making the
puzzles I went to the school paper and I
said hey I want to do a crossword puzzle
for you guys but I feel like I've seen
the flat thing done before I wanted more
of a challenge what about a
three-dimensional crossword puzzle like
this you see this goes across down and
back
that's three ways to say I'm lonely I
made five of these when I was in college
I spent more time on these puzzles than
any class there is no use for these
puzzles I don't even know if there was a
use when I made them and then when I was
in class I still had trouble paying
attention same problems great school but
now I found a sick way to up the ante I
found a way to give myself puzzles to
solve by the end of class like this one
it's 9 variable substitution you see I
am NOT a dork if I can find a number for
every letter so that this mathematically
works by the end of class I win
and here's the solution hay equals five
M equals to k equals and sometimes a
simultaneous equation comes true with
the same numbers I am NOT a dork I am a
nerd I wanted to improve my vocabulary
look I was in college I thought yes
improve continue to become better expand
your vocabulary if you want to do that
maybe you read some books hang out with
English teachers become friends with a
poet I said no no no let's take out the
middleman I don't have time for that I'm
gonna read the dictionary all the way
through starting at the beginning like a
book in the ACE and every time I come to
a word I don't know highlight the word
then in groups of ten I put them in this
notebook you see so I could quiz myself
ten at a time walking around I'm in the
eyes here I'm in the 450s invective
jangle JP intrument walking around
quizzing myself when someone does this
you might call them abecedarian more
likely you're gonna call them asshole
but for me this all sprang from a
growing need to feel validated and the
way I did from a puzzle book is a kid it
was a way of feeling like yes I'm
getting better I'm succeeding in small
increments but now it moved off the page
of the puzzle book and into the world at
large just little challenges that's what
it became daily challenges not big ones
I'm not the guy who climbs Mount Everest
you know oh thank you I'm the guy who
spent two months last year learning how
to write with his left hand forcing
himself to write with his left hand so
then I'm in a situation I'm like yeah
cool you haven't broken your right hand
but you know what it's good to have it
yeah right both ways I end up at the
bank say there's a cute teller filling
out my deposit slip we flirt a little
bit slide it under the glass and she's
like this guy's retarded
but I'm thinking ambidextrous genius yes
you'll have it if I'm on the street and
someone stops me for directions
I give him directions but I try to do
without using my hands because it's hard
it's a challenge where's the mall then I
look sneaky it's over there
just go I don't do this one so much
anymore but there's a time where if I
had to pee I had to go to the bathroom
I'd hold it in I'd say okay it's a
systemic challenge your body's telling
you urinate I'm saying no mind over body
I don't have to pee I'm gonna hold it in
one time I failed that challenge the
challenge then became how do I explain
my boss the wet spot in front of my
pants without giving myself away I think
I pulled it off cuz I went man these are
some sweaty balls
when you do this over time daily
self-imposed hurdles every day you
develop what I call a number of useless
talents things that are not important
you see less why why why do I do that
[Music]
why why clean your room
[Applause]
take a shower
why use
[Music]
are not a unicycle when did I become
that guy college sophomore year second
semester when I joined the antigravity
society you don't want to be the
unicycle guy trust me I did my show in
New York my first run I bring my
unicycle to the theater every night and
this is how people on the train would
look at me but in college I'm riding
around campus thinking I'm the only guy
on a unicycle when I should have been
thinking I'm the only guy on a unicycle
but I thought yes you're different
you're special yes you bruised your
balls a few times but you're different
now I'm older look I'm I'm a little
wiser I'm still obsessed with challenges
I can't change that
but they're more creative painting music
sewing I made these for the show and I
think the ass is crooked all right
it's okay most recently I took up
photography I feel like you know it
provides a literal lens and I'm not
saying I'm a great photographer but I
feel like I have potential I want to
show you guys some photos I took this is
what I'm talking about
I call this society over there
men and women what's the hurry in that
direction this is a fruit stand devoid
of color I say to the viewer figure out
what kind of fruit it is based on the
shape mofo this is a portrait of a pig
much later I was at a party there was a
guy offering people Milk Duds this candy
back home it's popular I don't know
where I'm solicit hey man you want a dud
you want to dud I was like well where's
my camera photo op BAM look at that
frame nicely but everything most people
if they even shoot a balance beam are
gonna go this way well I took this
sucker long ways we call that
perspective in the biz I was in an Army
store army supply store I wanted to buy
some army boots some GI boots I found
that they were too big for my feet I
thought hmm symbolism me in the military
not a good fit one-handed photo right
there man this is a bicycle with a
sombrero on it I think this speaks for
itself
I was sometimes I set my camera up on a
tripod and capture myself one moment in
the day unexpected this was 10:00 in the
morning after kind of a rough night ice
and Tylenol you know I had a headache
but look there's a MANET on the wall I
liked his work I just thought it was
framed nicely kind of during my Jesus
phase it's like a Trinity of being hung
over and then I was walking by this bus
stop in the village and I saw look at
this a black guy a Hawaiian guy a South
American girl and a Hasidic Jew all
waiting for the same bus I was like oh
my god that's like a melting pot bus
scenario capture that so I did it's
funny though when I was looking at the
pictures I developed my film and I
noticed a weird coincidence I discovered
between all the photos which was each
picture could be described with a
palindrome you know a word or a phrase
is the same forward and backwards if we
go back I'll show what I mean first one
the man of the woman I realized is
actually a picture of sexes se xes it's
the same running back in the fruit stand
I noticed no lemon no melon
mmm-hmm dude dud if you fall it's tons
nuts fellas I found that the GI boots
too big for my feet I'll cycle ten am
lonely Tylenol man ay yo Aloha Ola boy
I'm not a photographer I'm a guy who's
obsessed with palindromes to give you an
idea what I'm talking about
here's one of my notebooks one write on
the subway yielded this one of my
notebooks this is me working it out yeah
you see I'm figuring them out when I
come up with a good one I put a box
around it so I can use the palindrome
later for something red nuts it fist
under that's a keeper
Wow one man's tit Oh got its name now ow
Shakespeare for the retarded I don't
know who that is
Tony H why not okay what does this lead
to all this work the crown jewel and my
kingdom of useless talents a 224 word
palindrome the whole thing is the same
forward and backwards by letter it's the
second poem in your program tonight
about an alcoholic mailman kind of right
in the middle if I the show itself a
tiny palindrome in the middle of the big
palindrome in the middle of the show all
woven together and it doesn't make me
any cooler it makes me a guy who spent a
lot of time doing something wildly
unproductive which brings me to the
third meaning of the word if if meaning
whether okay sample sense the small
hairy man wondered if it was wise to
wear the tank top in my case I started
to wonder if I couldn't deconstruct
anything with a little bit of analysis
the satisfaction I was getting as a kid
from puzzle books from someone else's
problems and then from my own little
puzzles did I
need that the challenges and everything
couldn't I just derive the game or the
puzzle from things just by looking at
simple things and finding it within and
then things started to emerge like
swimming
for example swimming to me that's a
confusing sport because sometimes you do
it for fun but then other times you do
it to not die and when I'm swimming
sometimes I don't know which one it is I
got to go buy the outfit trousers uh-oh
bathing suit okay
naked we'll see I think about drowning
I think drowning would be a horrible
experience but I bet a little less
horrible if right before that you're
really thirsty is any like man I can use
a drink oh that's good whoa too much
that's when I swim I always bring
pretzels
I think the worst time to have a heart
attack
is during a game of charades especially
if your teammates are bad guessers I was
at a party I saw a guy wearing a leather
jacket and I thought that is cool ten
minutes later I saw a guy wearing a
leather vest I thought that is not cool
and that's when I realized that cool is
all about leather sleeves I like fruit
baskets a fruit basket enables you to
mail somebody fruit without appearing
insane you just mail somebody some
apples are like the hell is this but if
you put those apples in a basket they're
like this is nice I keep a lighter on me
at all times you know my back pocket I'm
not a smoker I just really like certain
songs I believe that you can learn
something in every situation for example
this summer I was at a party and I
learned that there's a small but
important difference between peeing in
the pool and peeing into the pool
location location location
I don't like thank-you cards because I
don't know what else to say what do I
put on the inside man seafront
I use this product called I can't
believe it's not butter because
sometimes when I'm having toast I like
to be incredulous how was breakfast
unbelievable I grew up near the beach
and uh I liked it I liked the beach I
like to get there really early before
everybody else shows up and I take like
30 bottles with notes in them and throw
them into the water
and then I wait for everyone to come to
the beach when someone goes to pick up
one of the bottles I go up behind them
because when they open it inside there's
a note that says I'm standing right
behind you you see to me this was a
self-contained enjoyment little games
that I was just finding every day
walking around the street you know just
in a store sitting on a train things
just started to pop up but something
strange was happening at the same time
kind of a parallel development you see I
was on my course achieve achieved goal
one after the other to law school from
eleven years old and I get there
first year law school in New York I
arrive and surprise one weekend I hate
it it sucks you have to understand this
was the plan I'm the guy who's 12 years
old people say what do you want to be
when you grow up and I say I don't know
either litigation or corporate mergers
I'm not quite sure
what a prick but then I get there and
it's no it's no good Socratic method
that's what we have in American law
schools Socratic method you come into
class the first day of the semester pick
a seat surprise that's your seat for the
year the professor has a seating chart
you can just put your name in there and
look down and say mr. Martin state the
facts in the case Bowers V Hardwick and
just calls on you such a power place
this this is not for me what am I gonna
do I got to put this into terms I can
understand make it a game and that's
what word of the day started at my law
school word of the day was you get
called on you have to use the word of
the day in your answer in class and I
will give you the word of the day before
class right outside so now there's a
hundred and ten of us in the class and
one professor and there are a hundred
ten people waiting to hear the word
bagel and one guy who has no clue so
game on one of the first words was
aroused gave it to the class my friend
gets called on yeah I believe that issue
first arouse excuse me a rose in the
case yeah nice go and Jason everyone's
kind of looking around like impressive
hobble this law was designed to prevent
people from hobbling into court with any
old claim good job Rob now I'm doing the
reading I'm becoming a good student for
all the wrong reasons just so I can show
off so that I can prove I can use the
word cupcake in a contracts case
change the whole dynamic so the game
went on but you know what like any game
people learned it it got too easy slide
to up the ante after a few weeks to a
harder word sassy that's a hard one to
use in a legal context we have five
classes a day no one could use sassy
through the first four classes then the
last class criminal law we're doing
battered wife syndrome of all things
my friend Louise gets called on she
gives a real answer and then she says I
just want to add that I think it's wrong
that some men hit their wives just
because they're being sassy and an
s-sound came over the whole room because
everyone turned to their neighbor and
when sassy when I was a god I wasn't a
god I was a guy who was I was becoming
the crazy guy at Law School I was never
the crazy guy in grade school or high
school college pretty normal but now I
think it was a bad fit I was out of my
skin was becoming someone and recognized
I was I was crazy Demetri you know that
guy who starved for attention every
situation becomes about him trying to be
funny that's what I was doing for
example I was in this one class called
Criminal Procedure it was an evening
course it was worse than the first year
courses because in that class you were
on call it wasn't the whole class
getting called on it was just five
people at a time every class session
just five people got called on so they
tell you the day before you five you're
on call tomorrow so do the reading make
sure you're here cuz you're gonna get
every question man so I went out to
dinner with my friends before class we
went to a Chinese food restaurant and
crazy Dmitri decides to strike I go to
my friend hey man see that fortune
cookie you're holding open it up
whatever it says inside I'm saying is my
answer in class
he's like alright man if you do that
I'll get up and say I agree with Dimitri
alright don't dare me
cuz you're gonna get burned so we go to
classes like seven of us that know about
it
we're gated we're like hey he's gonna
read a fortune cookie man it's crazy
he's guys crazy
do it man yet so the moment comes the
professor calls on me he was like a
Fourth Amendment case or something I
just it's my chance I look forward I
just bail
I don't do it I felt like it was
disrespectful or something I don't know
I just I crush and I just gave a real
answer my friend you know kind of gave
me a glance like stupid I knew what you
weren't doing such you felt defeated
then the professor asked another
question and he hands it with Dmitri
again I'm like wait a minute second
chance here I got to go for it you got
to take it do it man so I just look
forward clear my throat I just go when
love and skill are combined expect a
masterpiece
six guys go crazy 100 other people look
at me like what the hell was that and
this is how lost I got this out crazy
the professor didn't say Dmitri again
he said Denis him again that was the
next name on the list it was
alphabetical of the on-call but in my
head I'm here to meet you again now's
your chance go for it
this poor girl gets call on pressure
situation some schmuck on the other side
of the room yelling at combined love and
skill Denis got lost my own little world
of crazy Dimitri you see it's funny sort
of is a harmless thing to say sort of
doesn't really mean anything it's a
filler you know what I mean but after
certain things sort of means everything
like after I love you or you're going to
live
what I'm trying to say is I went to law
school sort of you see I made it through
two years of law school I made it
through two of the three years the
hardest parts the first year done second
year I hung in there but then couldn't
do it after two I said I'm out of here
and it was a crazy moment to have a plan
from 11 years old and just kind of every
choice every summer classes extra
activities SATs essays leading to that
one big goal and then being that close
to it and realizing I made a huge
mistake I have to admit it cut my losses
I'm out of here
and it was a total crisis a total crisis
of relevance because I was now an adult
yes okay it's cool to be quirky maybe on
the side do some puzzles make puzzles
whatever you learn how to ride a
unicycle that's cool when it's liked on
the side right and you have a plan what
happens when you remove the plan what
you'll have with is a guy who likes to
do anagrams and doesn't have a job
sweet that's a catch that brings me to
the fourth meaning of the word if if
used to introduce an exclamatory clause
indicating a wish you know what no
sample sentence here if I could just
figure out my life that's the point I'm
getting to that was the big question
that's what it all turned on if I could
just figure out my life I realized I
don't want to be some guy who has no
purpose no application I mean what am I
gonna be as an older guy creepy uncle
Demetri who's like come here I'll show
you a coin show yeah
that my achievement that I can like do
something with a yo-yo oh no and so I
turn my analysis away from extraneous
things from irrelevance to time I said
okay I'm wasting a lot of this seem to
have trouble managing it can i harness
it can I use it better and maybe will
that lead me to being a more productive
person and this is when I had a
breakthrough slash breakdown see I found
a way to make myself the puzzle finally
I became the puzzle to solve a point
system and turn myself into a weekly
point system 7 categories 5 points in
each category to be tallied every Sunday
night 35 points maximum possible Demitri
week situation in an effort to get
better see here's some of the categories
body subcategories too high it and
fitness / care ok Feige 3 fruits and 2
vegetables every day of the week for 7
days I get a point at the end of the
week
that means you weight better work down
for 3 days if I did a leg workout if I
did crunches whatever fb5 was and floss
5 days a week I get a point for that
it's a bitchy one but I get a point at
the end of the week and even fancy stuff
I get variable here I can run as many
miles as I choose at the beginning of
the week I chose 10 this week I ran 0
that's a zero point body week not very
good mind ok I did a little better in
this category this week read two books
do 30 minutes of puzzles brainstorm for
an hour so that's like okay think about
something starting now and go cool done
awesome you got a point use lateral
thinking for three hours how do I do
that hey man could you tie me to this
chair and if I get out and listen you
know like about three hours would be
great I get a point for it thanks one of
the more creative so I was like alright
two drawings paintings or sculptures
that gets a grab-bag yeah that equals
you're a creative person next category
contribution okay cool it's not all
about me
I found a spot for the rest of the world
in my point system one little corner
I broke the world into people I know
family and friends and others help
someone solve a problem do something for
another person if I help a stranger in
some way uplift another person or try to
see another's point of view maybe I can
combine those three into like a triple
score you know pick up a strange baby
and be like what are you thinking
BAM three points right there
relationship gain Eve shared my
subcategories did something for Jen I
was with Jen at the time that makes
sense here's my expression or equation
for how you have a successful
relationship with a woman if during the
week you talk less than she does
that means you were listening see that
we can she talked more than me so it was
good I was a listener I was getting a
relationship stronger did my share see
even here went on a romantic date had
two dinners together I was trying to
keep the relationship strong in a way
that I could tally vision / ethics the
most embarrassing category internal and
external visualise / focus for more than
a half hour during the course of the
week cool centered you know like a yogi
or something that's great what about
this reflected and rededicated self
that's my favorite one of the whole
thing that's me giving myself a point
for filling out the point system
guaranteed one point week every week I
just open it up I'm like yes you're
reflecting and rededicating yourself
right now it's great and then even here
demonstrated moral courage how do you do
that I got to find someone being
persecuted make the right moral choice
step in be courageous and then have my
paper and record it on one move it's
hard conveyed unassailable confidence
all this stuff it's like kind of
embarrassing you know I use to look at
my feet a lot at that time so I was
trying to be more forthright proactive
confident so as I guess unassailable
that's the kind of confidence I want
great vocabulary word thanks notebook
here's where it gets interesting I did
this system for 27 weeks in a row I'm on
week 18 here
I'm already on version 10 of the point
system you see if I wasn't getting
enough points the problem was not with
me it's the system fix it and towards
the end Wow boxes with little boxes in
them install justified I did this in a
word this is very difficult I did an
analysis of the analysis of myself I
found that over 27 weeks I averaged 11
point 2 points out of 35 that's 32
percent that sucks I failed I failed
miserably that's half an F that is
horrible
my worst week was 4 points 4 points what
the hell was I doing help an old lady
eat a banana for Christ's sake I got one
point for filling out the chart highest
week 24 points ok you know what I
thought that would be my lowest week
like mid 20s I was figuring yeah you'll
be high functioning up near the 30s
maybe max out at 35 a few times and then
you know just up all the goals
self-actualize great yeah do it up worst
category score was management management
I'm the manager I created the whole
world I got 18 percent in the managed
world that I created best category score
relationship alright
62 percent that's more than 3 out of 5
every week for 27 weeks for half a year
footnote Jen and I got married footnote
2 Jen and I got divorced
but that's a different show that's a
longer more complicated show and the the
charts are really different and skewed
what what do I learn from all this what
can I conclude from all this analysis I
have no fucking clue I spent a half a
year of my life doing this every week I
don't know I honestly don't know you
know I look back on and I realized my
intentions were good I was trying to
become a better person I was trying to
methodically record what a better person
would be for someone like me and what I
could do every day capturing every
moment trying to move towards that but I
failed pretty miserable now I look back
and with a little bit of distance I
wonder what was that going for like who
did I think I was gonna become what
would the 35-point week have been like
[Music]
okay I lost sight I was so busy trying
to figure out who I wanted to be
I didn't realize who I was actually
becoming I would walk around with the
point system my pocket all the time just
tallying whatever I could get thinking I
was figuring out my life yeah I could
ride a unicycle I could do puzzles
whatever blah blah blah tallied myself
but look at the same time I was a
dropout from school divorced already my
job proofreader at law firms from
midnight to 8 a.m. in the morning that
was my that was the career that had
carved out for myself I couldn't just
figure out my life that became clear
that brings me to the final meaning of
the word if where we started in the
first place a possibility conditioner
stipulation sample sentence there will
be no ifs ands or buts you're going to
fat camp
or in my case I believe that every if is
a possibility but more importantly it's
an opportunity a chance to make a choice
those choices determine the I I think
about some of the past ifs that led up
to this moment tonight this if and if I
had chosen differently with some of
those past ifs how would this moment in
time right now be different for example
if I wasn't on the math team when I was
in high school well in central New
Jersey I would have been considered
cooler
I would hung out more would have gone
out with a girl named Gina maybe with
really big hair we had a Camaro Demetri
and Gina and script on the window smoked
some pot listen to Zeppelin hang out a
bunch one thing leads to the next right
now Employee of the Month at my family's
diner and I say things like dude and
whatever a lot more and sentences like
dude whatever what if I paid attention
in class no puzzle books no games
just focus I would have been a better
student you know what I would have
finished law school I have one year left
I would have finished I'd be married
right now to a doctor we'd have a cool
car come a stereo maybe a couple kids a
nice house Society would respect us and
right now funny guy at the law firm
in a stage my stage would be the
watercooler
I'd be the guy who stands there's like
Java good weekend fag hey pull my finger
he's crazy man he's got a tie with
clowns on I think I should you stand up
okay what if I focus no useless talents
practice one sport instead of all the
useless towns maybe I could get really
good at that sport maybe I get great at
it
self-esteem goes up I do better with the
women travel I can become an
international sports star traveling the
world signing paddles having all kinds
of headbands I don't even know the dream
life okay I'm not an athlete fine maybe
I'm not an athlete I'm a nerd okay I
accept it how about I apply that focus
develop some clarity contribute
something to the world don't be so
self-centered with the games and the
puzzles maybe I could maybe I could
change the world okay maybe I'm getting
carried away but I think I did figure
something out I equals all of the ifs
added up over time the ifs those are the
possibilities that's infinite for all of
us every day they're just millions of
them time that's finite for each of us
no question there maybe if you divide
the choices by the amount of time you
have the real I can emerge depending
upon those choices so in the end all I
can say is you can't figure out a person
definitely not yourself you can't
maximize a life what you can do is try
to be honest and the choices that you
make
be true to yourself no matter how
embarrassing those choices are life is
not a science I realize that but if I
told you that right now I don't have a
point system of some kind I'd be a liar
look I'm a guy who does palindromes tell
jokes about leather jackets because that
gives me some meaning at least for now
you know what I apologize for none of it
because the unexamined life is not worth
living man