so you're gonna be on stage for now yeah
yeah
yeah I can talk about a lot of stuff
my parents are gonna see it they were
the ones in the other car
my mom hasn't
we did all our stuff yeah
please tell mom I want her to see what I
do
shouldn't happy boy tape she might
change of you buy that's my sleep yeah
but you know you got to do that you
can't live in fear
we are trying to make the turn right it
doesn't matter but you see I'm making
the turn you got to pull all the way up
and fucking bother me you could have
just stopped back there these assholes
off he sees I'm making the left who's
going to pull up to make it hard for me
New York is the best
so cool thank you guys so much for
coming this is awesome this is so great
how many of you guys know me from my
show community great so I'll let you
guys know this is gonna be nothing like
that yeah a lot grosser I feel bad I
feel bad for a lot of people who come
for the show like people bring their
kids and stuff like that never like
always going do try not it and I'm just
like dicks dicks I mean cuz I did I can
be gross sometimes and I know it's bad I
mean cuz I got I did a half-hour special
for Comedy Central and the way I got
that half-hour special was I did an hour
in New York I did an hour on my own and
Comedy Central was there they were like
we really liked your hours I thank you
really great there we would love to give
you a half hour I was like great I would
love to do a half I was like great but
don't do any of the shit you did in that
hour it was disgusting don't do it did
you guys hear about that spider-man
thing that happened with me okay for
those of you who have a life basically
what happened was there was a they were
they were talking about on this geek
blog about you know making spider-man
you know they were they're redoing it so
they said that maybe this new spider-man
since they're making it so you know
quickly after making these other
spider-man's maybe you should make it
real different you know make kinda like
dark and edgy like a dark knight and put
it in modern day times and stuff and
maybe you know spider-man maybe doesn't
have to be white maybe you can be black
or Hispanic or something like that and
then somebody put a big picture of me in
the comments was like Donald Glover the
police spider-man
he's nerdy I was like okay and somebody
sent that to me so it's like oh yeah
I'll put that up so I put it up on my
Twitter and I'm Donald for spider-man
let's do this you know kind of joke but
also like who doesn't have a smart man
that'd be cool and that's when the world
went crazy and half the world was like
Donald for spider-man we're only gonna
watch the next spider-man of Donald
lubbers playing Peter Parker and the
other half was like he's black
so fast
who's insane like you were either very
hot or cold on something and I didn't
and I didn't say anything I didn't do
anything during a whole time I just laid
low but I did read one comma that was
like oh we're gonna make spider-man
black now we're just gonna make spider
my black man so we're gonna do which
coming spider-man black that's what
we're gonna do we respond am i black now
there's spider-man black well why don't
we just have michael cera place aft
and I didn't respond to any of the stuff
I saw online except for that one I wrote
back o dot dot yes that would be fucking
amazing bling chefs I've watched that
movie every day I go broke
I go go girl I guess one more for saying
please like I'd be there every day I
mean like wouldn't that be awesome to be
watching the movie it's really a chef
what's going on baby
huh find some hoes like that'd be so
awesome I've watched that all the time
the thing that bothered me the most
about that I think I really got under my
skin was that people kept bringing up
shaft like I care about shaft like I'm
mustard he's black he must love shaft
like I give a fuck about sand like what
I don't know don't take ourself like I
don't care care about sand like it's
just like like Sam was the black
spider-man or something like that this
is like oh yeah white people you guys
get this dude who swings from building
to building and saves people and black
people you get this dude who slaps women
sometimes enjoy like what no that's not
okay he's like he's he's not even a
superhero he's just a black guy he's
just a black dude you couldn't he's not
a super you can have no champ right at
Universal Studios look yeah what we do
is we would put you in the car and then
we set up like five women mannequins and
then you hold your hand out and just
slap just slap them all
five dollars please it's ridiculous
never really bothered like no one like
chef I don't I can fuck about chef I
don't care about Sam the fact that they
kept assuming that like I woke up every
morning like in my shaft pajamas jumped
out VIN ran down the stairs drink a cup
of shaft juice turn on the shaft
television I just realized shaft -
sounds like semen
don't want to drink that
gross I just like I was just doing some
like stuff with like music and I just
put out of that EP and I was out and I
was listening to it in my car
I picked up like it was only mixing it
like it was I was like I want to see how
it sounds in a car and I picked up a
friend of mine she got in she's like is
this you and I was like yeah she goes
you listen to go oh yeah yeah listen to
my own music like be in it but being an
entertainer being an entertainer is the
only job where you can enjoy your own
stuff did you know that the only job
where you can't enjoy your own shit like
if I made sandwiches for a living
like if I made sandwiches for a living
like if I worked at Subway or something
I made Sam just relive it then I go home
and I make myself a sandwich nobody in
here is gonna be like getting little
conceited aren't wait like no one cares
no one cares it's also the only job
where you have to keep proving you can
do it like you can do like you have to
keep like like if you work at Staples
you don't have to be like oh yeah I know
how to move paper from here to here like
you don't have to do that every time you
go in as an actor I have to prove I know
how to act every time I have to audition
and prove I know how to act like I'm
just gonna forget how to act one day
like I just want to like I'll come back
from summer break go to community and
they're gonna be like okay and action
I'll sleep
ridiculous but like I was talking about
music I like music a time and like but
the problem is like I like weird stuff I
like weird crazy music like weird people
make a muse and you know there we really
don't have that anymore
like you know we got Lady Gaga and stuff
like that but that's I don't think
that's really weirdest I feel like
that's plain like I don't but we need
weird stuff cause like when but as an
adult we're not really allowed to be
weird anymore like the older you get the
less you can take weird stuff that's the
truth but you can't take weird stuff
anymore like as a kid like the idea of
Santa Claus is really weird and fucked
up it really is but you're like for
something like just like hey there's
just fat guy comes in house eats all
your food you leave little gifts for you
and white parents sleeping he runs up
the chimney like he gives me gifts cool
you're just fine with it you're fine
with that guy being in your house
as an adult somebody's like hey man Glee
comes on at 9:00 instead of 8:00 tonight
you like can't take any changes
whatsoever but that's basically what it
is is like you know you know I'm 27 like
I'm about to become who I'm gonna be for
the rest of my life like basically like
once you get around your 30s that's who
you're gonna be for the rest of your
life pretty much like if you're
conservative and you're around your 30s
you're probably gonna be conservative
for the rest of your life if you're like
liberal and you're not in your 30s
you're probably going to be liberal for
the rest of your life you know if you're
a girl and you don't get blowjobs curl
up to you 9 cats in your Twilight DVDs
cuz you're gonna die alone
I love that joke because guys always
like well put mr. Kalou
but it's true like you can't take any
like as you get older you can't take any
weird stuff this is the truth like I
know that Lady Gaga Kanye West's tour I
was super stoked about that that was
gonna be so awesome and weird it's gonna
be so crazy I was always having dreams
about it that's how much I was excited
about I was having dreams about it's
like there's gonna be like two big
pillars on stage like one big pillar
here like Lady Gaga's there and her
hair's like blowing in the wind and
she's playing the bass like that song
like like a huge base but the base is in
the base is just a huge tampon just
playing a huge she's fucking had a huge
tampon and at the end of it Tony Danza
space just like COBOL COBOL COBOL he's
just throwing it crazy on it and then
like there's another one there's got
another huge pillar and then like Kanye
West's on it he's playing a piano but
the piano is not a piano it's just a
bear it's a live bear the song reasons
planner and the Bears not eating Kanye
cause he has so much respect for him
looking at all I want to eat you but to
make graduation Oh
like mad and then like in the audience
is like a big clear beach ball that
everybody's pushing and kicking around
and in the center of the big clear beach
ball is just this one lone baby just
like one lone naked baby and he's not
crying to anything he's just confused so
how did my parents put me in here they
love me I was like yes that's where $50
want to see that they cancelled it they
got rid of it they're like it's too
weird it's gay I don't get it get rid of
it
that hit home for someone
it's funny goodness true
but they got rid of it they canceled it
and that's ridiculous
that's crazy only adults would do that
like as a kid
we watched the weirdest stuff and nobody
cared nobody into you guys remember
Muppet Babies let me refresh your memory
what Muppet Babies is about Muppet
Babies is a show about a lady with no
face who takes care of a frog a pig a
dog that plays the piano and an alien
named gonzo that bucks chickens and
adults were like yeah watch I don't get
fuck I gotta go no one can remember
genies munitia Turtles Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles sounds like a homeless
persons fever dream
you if you were walking down the street
and you saw a homeless person they
really they're all named after
Renaissance artists and their fathers a
big
kind of obsessed with homeless people I
really am
cuz I don't know we have a long history
together we do we have a long history to
get like when I first moved here when I
first moved here from Atlanta like the
only thing I knew how to do and make
money was to babysit cuz my parents like
they ran a daycare and a lot foster kids
so the only thing I really knew how to
do was take care of kids so I had this
job supposed to pick up this kid and I
was running late
and I was leaving a message on the phone
and I was just like you know talk and I
wasn't really paying attention to where
I was going and a homeless man punched
me in the face
I think it was like schizophrenic or
something cuz he's like stop following
me I was like just ran away so anyway I
go pick up the kid I'll pick him up
bring him home make him dinner his mom
comes home okay she goes in the back
room she comes back out she goes hey are
you okay I'm like yeah I'm fine I kind
of forgot it's like are you sure I'm
like yeah what's wrong and she plays me
the voice message I left
and I didn't keep it but I remember it
very well and it went a little something
it went like this
hey it's Donald I just want to let you
know that I'm running a little bit late
picking up pen but I just want to let
you know
I got high
I'll hide the street
it's pretty much how it sounded so so
I've had a lot of run-ins with you know
like homeless people and stuff like that
and you know I lived in downtown LA and
downtown LA is kind of like the eighties
decided to stay there you're like oh
yeah you guys go ahead and be the 90s go
enjoy Ace of Base
we'll be here practicing the moonwalk
and selling crack like that's everything
in downtown LA and I'm you know hanging
out in downtown LA and I would always
have you know like parties or something
or watch movies and stuff like that and
I'll have girls over and I always have
to walk them back to their car I always
have to walk they ask me like can you
walk me back and like sure and around my
second time I was like every girl comes
over asked me to walk them back to their
car like no matter what time and like I
realizes like oh they're afraid they're
gonna get attacked or raped or something
and I was like oh my god like that's
ridiculous as a grown man I never think
of that like that's never in my head
like oh we're like ever like rape isn't
right around the corner for me like it
is for women which is so messed up like
if someone like I'm an adult male I'm a
grown man like if someone was gonna rape
me like someone's gonna attack me and
rape me like they had to be like like
real chick about it
real tricky like I'd be like going in
the movie theater I got my popcorn you
know not to go see like a movie with a
bunch of explosions in it Sunday hey
what's going on sorry sorry man so oh
sorry I'm sorry just trying to get
through see expendable sorry excuse me
sorry ah and then I see like see like a
man dressed like a chair running away
what man nothing got raped again no I
don't wanna watch it I was hanging out
of my neighborhood and this girl was
jogging and we started talking about a
rate that it happened in the
neighborhood every time this is awful
this on my stuff
can't believe this happen so close us
and she goes yeah well anybody ever
tries to rape me I'm just gonna shit on
them
so well no problem
two things lady number one he's a rapist
so his tolerance for gross stuff is
probably pretty high pretty high number
two you can shit on command like you can
just you could just poop whenever you
want to like you can do whatever you
want like you got that you're national
treasure like you can you got more super
powers than shaft if you can poop that's
amazing okay no I can't poop whenever I
want somebody could run downs down the
states right now and pull out a gonna be
like sit yourself poke yourself right
now if you like blow my head off I can't
do it I can't do whatever I'm not even
that got me in my butt are like always
on the third day I feel like I feel like
me I'm always like come on let's hurry
up let's do this in my butt stressing me
when the time is right
not yet
that was me in a domestic dispute but
but with all this like crazy stuff going
on with like but you know like raves my
earthquakes and oh I know I put like
rapes and earthquakes in same category
think of my sisters I got raped
yesterday have you like 4.5 it was a
huge not the same thing but with all
this crazy stuff going on people feel
like it's the end of the world like
people just people talk about like
people say like this the first time I
was talking about dad the other day was
like ah man thanks so bad man things are
so bad out here I'm sorry I'm sorry
feels like him this is worst time to be
alive man it's the worst time to be
allowed I'm sorry son so it's time to be
alive that's bullshit
that's crap that is total crap this is
the best time to be alive ever this is
the best time there has ever been to be
human alive that's the truth is the
absolute truth people realize like just
a couple hundred years ago just a couple
hundred years ago people could come into
your village your community whatever you
want to call it people could come in
they're just a bunch of them kill you
rape your wife sale your kids into
slavery people be like well let you
expect
it's nighttime
my hands were tied to some went down get
away with that stuff now somebody would
tell you that shit it would be
everywhere like someone killed my mom
and so me and my brother to Greece WTF
it would be people say the same stuff
about rap music people just like a rap
music now sucks so bad rap news now such
now back in the day that was good rap
music that was where the good math music
was that I walk around with yeah that's
the good rap you know it's not listened
to rap back in the day it's always some
Dubya well I went to the hats or today
and I bought myself a hat
your hat story's so lame
you know I think people don't like rat
nowadays because they say it has like a
bad influence on kids like I have like a
bad influence on kids and I grew up with
a bunch of kids on armed ran a daycare
and we had foster kids and we had
adopted kids I know kids pretty well and
I've got to be honest kids are pretty
fucked up anyway they're awful people
they're tiny tiny little Hitler's
they're all awful no seriously the thing
that makes everybody in here a good
person is empathy and sympathy that's
when you learn like oh I'm not gonna
push that person cuz if he punched me I
would like that so yeah when you learn
that that's what makes you a good person
kids don't have that yet so they're
awful awful people
they're terrible people they don't have
it yet that's honest you ever see those
kids in the supermarket they just walk
around
screaming and their moms like Zachary
Zachary I mean it's a great Zach Zachary
remember it remember Zachary
remember the dolphin remember a dolphin
remember we made the secret word that
means you need to behave dolphins the
word I just said it so you need to
behave you understand you understand huh
okay
okay like the kids gonna be like oh
you're right we did agree upon that
I'm gonna stop pissing in this Nutella
jar and really really start behaving
junior so he doesn't know he can't even
talk he doesn't speak English it if
that's the thing like when there's like
going and they're screaming and they're
spitting in there screaming at their mom
they're not saying anything that's
because they don't know words yet if
they could talk they'd be cursing their
mom out they would they know yet mom I'm
just gonna yeah I'm just gonna eat this
cookie for dinner yeah I'm just gonna
cook you dinner salad big deal I'm
States good what are you doing what do
you do come on you fuckin bitch
you know I wanted that cookie for dinner
you put it somewhere I couldn't reach it
you're dead
I'm gonna tell Dad he's gonna beat the
living shit out of it dad dad this cunt
that you married
put a cookie somewhere I couldn't reach
it fucking killer ha wait
this was in a kid's head kids are awful
kids are offering you my not you
wouldn't know a testament to how awful
kids are how terrible kids are um I was
walking down the street in LA
walking on the street from my restaurant
I'm owning my favorite restaurants I had
like bags of food and it's right across
the street from school and I saw two
kids fighting over basketball
they're like fighting over him just
walking by I mean one of them just goes
with God and just pulls it and the other
one goes that's why your mom's in a
fucking wheelchair
and I drop my ship
say those words in that order and you
don't explode let the people police
don't come down ones calico I'm sorry
this person's a demon I didn't know
I don't know how we got
nobody can get away with if you went to
work tomorrow and it was like hey man
Davis being a real jerk today yeah I
know what's going on I don't know but
that's why his mom's in a fucking
wheelchair I'll see you later
I'll see you later basketball later no
no basketball later not playing with a
monster tiny Hitler's Oh seriously
that's what I work honest I'm not having
a baby I'm not ready to have a big like
in to know a lot of people just like I'm
with Connors cuz I don't want to get
AIDS but I gotta be honest I'm sorry I
much rather have AIDS than a baby sorry
AIDS beats baby about this much
seriously people get all upset when a
hairnets I think about it they're not
that different you guys they're not that
different at all their folks is
expensive you have them for the rest of
your life they're constant reminders are
the mistakes you made and once you have
them you pretty much can only date other
people who have them what's the
difference
what's the difference
the only difference is you can't go to
jail by accidentally dropping aids
so aids wins by this much
I'm serious I mean like people at least
people when you have AIDS
people are like aware of and people
wanna help you people feel sorry for you
like people want to help you out and
make other people aware of that when you
have AIDS people don't give a shit when
you have kids no one's just like yeah
man I'm living with kids and kids
positive for about five years now I lost
a lot of my friends and atheist kids
it's just uh we're doing a kids walk
tomorrow and just I'm sorry and one of
my kids talked to my face had to leave
like no no one cares it is where like I
remember you I was babysitting this kid
once this mean kid remember and I
remember the first time I saw him I
opened the door and there were tears
streaming down his face tears streaming
down his face but he wasn't crying
he wasn't crying just tears he was
giving me this mean monkey I found out
later that his parents were very organic
and they wouldn't let him have any sugar
they wouldn't let him have any candy he
would the only the sweetest thing he was
allowed was mints
he was just allowed to have mints so he
would steal mints by the handful so his
breath was so fresh the vapors from his
own mouth made his a slaw
like he'd be like hello they would just
believe it was crazy I would take him to
the park right and in Washington Square
Park and all the babysitter's in New
York for some reason a Trinidadian they
like their alternate daddy and
babysitters and I would take him to the
park and I was the only boy there you
know they don't hanging out you know
they were cool you know we trade your
chicken recipes and stuff
and uses a mean-spirited kid like he
kind of like you watch HBO just a little
too early and was just kind of a mean
kid in general so he would just come
through and just and he wanted to get to
a slide so he just pushed over this
little girl she fell over and a
Trinidadian babysitter comes over his
goes hey you leave that to little girl
alone and he goes yeah and she goes
don't you talk to me like that I am a
grown-up you will respect me and he goes
the lady goes shit you not lady goes
someone bitch I keep this little niglet
away from
and I fell out because I have never
heard the word niglet before migraine so
I was like nigga like it was like insane
like the first thing that came to my
head was like the name of a band as I'm
like everybody give it up for Bobby
Johnson in the niglet to like three
little kids like slip in suits come out
it seemed like exclusively Halla note
songs
Nicholas I was like taking him home on
still a minor like Nick is that like the
black version to pick like Nick was just
like hey I'm Nagle it in like who's at
the doors like halt come on man it's
3:00 in the morning smell like malt
liquor shut up
like I couldn't even get mad at the slur
because there's just something about
racism that's funny when it's tiny you
know what is tiny is just hilarious for
something like maybe if a tiny Klansmen
ran on stage right now it was like get
off stage and nigger I'd be like
where to cross my legs
get out of here I mean it
that'd be hilarious be like a like a
messed-up Webster he's like he's like be
like share a split-level house he's
going up the stairs with his tiny cross
who's like hey Donald yeah I hate you I
hate you too tired of Klansmen
it's funny how like the n-word still
comes up in weird places it does like
it's strange cuz like it doesn't really
affect me like I'm sure it does like it
used to
I don't really think about it doesn't
really come up and like I don't really
care about that shit but like it still
comes up in boo your places like I like
like I write rap so sometimes I will
write them in my iphone so I was like
writing you know the n-word in my iPhone
and igg yeah I was writing the n-word
and my iPhone goes did you mean
niggardly
and I was like no iPhone I meant nigga
right
but then like like two weeks later time
was writing Jigga which is the shortened
form of jz ji ji ji a and my iPhone goes
did you mean nigga and I would
do not get to say that
I like the I like you know I've said
this in my restaurant like to date the
black girls of every culture no I'm you
know like Filipinos they're like the the
black girls of Asians Armenians
he's like the black girls of white girls
and I was dating this Armenian and
someone's races Armenians
Oh God but seriously who are you dating
I was know I was dating this Armenian
girl and we were we were make making sex
I was having sex with her as it I know I
said I wish I could start every sentence
that way just like um I was having sex
with this girl and enjoy Black Swan
like that the part where he said he was
having sex when I was having sex with
her and we were towards toward the end
and she goes fuck me harder with that
n-word dick
and not stop look at her right in the
eye and I came harder than before
it was so awesome yes it was so great
like I was like I couldn't believe it
but it was almost worth being black my
entire life it was so great I it was it
was so great I actually felt bad for
white boots
I felt bad I was like you guys will
never have that you'll never have that
what do you guys have cracker dick
that's not that's not sexy hell that
sounds like a virus you pick up on a
cruise ship yeah you've got cracker dick
yeah just hold it together I don't know
people always want to know who can say
the n-word we can't say the n-word you
know my people always like I've got a
lot of you know I got a lot of friends
and they're all just kind of like oh you
man I wish I could say this stuff and it
sounds so cool when you say it in rap
song I want to say that it sounds cool
I'm just like doesn't really like do
anything it's not that great you know
like it can still it still comes up in
weird places like you know like that
niglet joke I told that joke in Alaska
in Alaska for some reason has a large
deaf population so they hired a woman to
do sign language with me
poor that Jo and she comes up to me and
she goes I'm sorry but um are there any
terms or phrases in your act that that
don't exist in sign language that I have
to make up on the spot and I was like
yeah niglet and she goes oh there's
already
people have the same niglet for years
for years nigga that is time you mess
with that means way way before this I've
done this walking down the street like
where my nose itches I've done that and
I feel like dead people are looking at
me like that motherfucker's racist guy
hates his own people
like I was saying you always want to
know who can say it who can and it
doesn't help me doesn't help anyone any
like it doesn't like being black and
speaking being able to say like the
n-word doesn't help at all like no one's
ever I'm not gonna get a job off of it
or anything like that is like Humpty
this dude is extremely qualified for the
job but this guy could say nigger
whenever he wants which one do we choose
like no one cares but there is one
person in the entire world I know for a
fact we can say the n-word who isn't a
minority there's one person there's one
dude just one dude in the entire world
who could say the n-word and he's not
minorities not black and that one person
in the entire world who could say the
n-word is Charlie Sheen
watch our machine get to say the n-word
Donald I will tell you audience
the reason Charlie Sheen gets to say the
n-word is because Charlie Sheen before
all this crazy stuff happened two years
ago got in a fight on the phone with his
ex-wife Denise Richards just straight-up
called her a nigger just come just call
her the n-word like literally just like
Aryan I got like really really gave it
to her and I'm sorry give that man the
n-double-a-cp award that is seriously
that is amazing think about it a white
dude called a white woman a nigger
straight-up you didn't say like I hope
you get right by or something like that
you know you didn't Mel Gibson it like
he just
totally just call it I'm sorry too and
that's amazing that really is an amazing
thing like think about it like see black
people use the n-word for everything we
use it for everything like the mother
brothers sister like love Hey we use it
for everything so I called a seat belt
nigger earlier today I called a seat
belt the n-word
I was putting on the seat belt and I was
like nigga if you know I called it it
just needs a little flavor so I gave it
the n-word you never see like we use it
for everything you never see any other
my no you never see white people just
using it you never see it like just
using it for everything like you'll
never go in IKEA and and see like two
white undergraduates and why you just
holding just hoping like of some like
rugs and me like what do you think of
this rug Denis
I hate green oh stop being a nigger what
do you think like you'll never see that
you'll never see that and that's the
problem has to become a bad word for
everybody I hate it when black leaders
are just like oh we're getting rid of it
everybody's gotta stop saying it no one
like rappers will still say it because
you told them not to that's what makes
them badasses like you guys everybody's
got to start saying it everyone like
white people you guys have got to start
saying n-word you guys got to start
saying it we will lose some of you in
the process
not all of you will make it home
but you'll be dying for good cause it'll
be great that's all model I saw a lot of
white people here's like no I would
never
uh-huh all right not me I won't be doing
that I will never - I would never do
that and let's be honest white people
have been getting pretty bold with the
n-word lately anyway like seriously I
was at a Kanye West concert at a Kanye
concert the other day right
so the Kanye concert and he was doing
all the lights and you know how all the
light starts these does like three three
like parts of a verse and then he gets
to the end and then he holds the mic out
for the n-word part and everyone was
like nigga everyone I was in I wasn't in
Detroit I wasn't in South Africa I was
in Texas where they make white people
I was surrounded by white people and
they all looked at me like what you
gonna do
to Kanye concert we outnumber you okay
I'm like I just got out of like a
relationship that was like pretty like
pretty hard like I mean cuz I was like
really like fell for this girl and the
thing is like well I learned a lot which
is always good like you want to learn
from stuff like that and like one thing
I did learn but I guess the biggest
thing I learned was like if if a
conversation starts with what did you
mean by that it is not going to end with
oh now I know what you mean by that
let's go to gamestop
never happened the thing is like dudes
are pretty like we're pretty simple
we're dumb but we're simple like we were
very simple like every dude pretty much
is like oh I woke up now I want to eat
did I eat now wanna fuck did I fuck I'm
asleep again that's pretty much all it's
all deuce girls they're like individuals
I all of them like very individual very
different and sometimes they will want
to posing things at the same time like
two opposing things which is crazy to me
like that's insane like here's a perfect
example is it destiny shot you guys
remember doesn't shop yes nice huh yeah
doesn't shop
women love Destiny's Child they'd be
like it'd be a member with their first
big hit their first big hit Bills Bills
Bills
remember that Bills Bills get every girl
in here like yes I do I remember that
only do because it was just like
everybody was like can you be
responsible that was out whole songs
like can you be responsible can pay my
bills can you be a man who provides for
me could you be can you be there are you
responsible can you be there and then we
were like not even a year later they
come out with another song called
soldier all about due to smoke weed in
the middle of street and shit with two
pitbulls working I was like hey does any
child make up your fucking mind okay the
dude working out in the middle of the
street is not to do paying your bills
I've never I've never been I've never
seen a 245 pounds buff like rent dude
wearing no shirt wearing a bandanna and
sunglasses holding a briefcase at the
bus stop but I'm gonna be late for my
data input table at Google
cuz it doesn't exist you can't have a
bug in a working man they're not to say
that you can't ever like that's that you
know I hate the Sex in the City guy that
every girls looking for was just like oh
he makes Cheers
but he also fixes babies that doesn't
exist he said that dude doesn't exist
okay being a girl and one of that type
of dude it's kind of like being a dude
be like you know I want a girl who will
willingly do BUTT STUFF but I also want
a girl who wasn't molested doesn't exist
doesn't exist
no girl wants a penis in the butt sorry
guys no girl wants a penis in but that
penises are gross that's why we talk
about them all the time and hold them
and stuff cuz we know they're gross
we're trying to talk them up like a like
a used car salesman we're trying to make
them sound cool it's kind of like your
friend who bought it soon when everybody
else bought an iPod he keeps talking
about how awesome it is he's like all
mine has bigger battery power and it
picks up the radios like it's still a
zoom nigga nobody wants it put it away
Obama has it get out of here
I'm sorry I'm being so crazy it's weird
I mean like I like I grew up with a
bunch of like kids and that's basically
how I learned all about like insane
stuff like all the crazy stuff we used
to do was like that's how we did it and
you know and I want to make people happy
and it's hard to find that balance
sometimes because like I know I'm gross
but people laugh if some people think
it's kind of gross too but I always try
to make people have like when I was a
kid like we had like a bunch of kids
comment and we had my cousin's coming
over once about like eight cousins
they're all coming and I want to do
something like special for them I want
to do something really cool so I used my
allowance money which took me a long
time to get I had like I got like a
dollar two dollars like a week so I say
$20 and I went to the store and I bought
all the stuff to button to make s'mores
I was like I'm gonna make s'mores with
my cousin's gonna be great I was like
yeah it's my money I can do whatever I
want with that I'm an independent woman
so like I buy all that stuff then I like
take it home and like all my cousins in
there and I'm like handing out the stuff
but I I bought two for me like I was
like it's my money
you know it's my money I'm gonna get two
for me I'm the oldest it's my money I'm
gonna I'm gonna get two smaller me
everybody else can get one was like okay
cool I hand out the small stuff we're
all getting praises of leather we were
really excited and one of my cousins
just looks at it looks at me and then
she just goes it's not warmed up or
anything he just took all the
ingredients and crushed them it in his
hands like just looking at it and oh my
oh my other cousins what the fuck is his
problem what is going on with him he's a
weirdo and he's just like nothing we're
like whatever so we make our s'mores and
really good were like making all our
s'mores on the stove or just this is so
good he's just like I'm okay I was small
I want a s'more and like I was like what
you messed up I'm sorry dude I know what
to do
you guys saw you do it my mom was like
don't give him the sport I was like what
it's like just give him the extra s'more
like it just he's crying give him the
extra smiles like this is mine is like
Donald don't be selfish give him the
small like no the cryolator please this
is my sport I did it with my own money
she's like Donald you're being selfish
this is your cousin be nice to him give
him the s'more
like give him a s'more and he's like
so you know I've been getting a little
bit more famous lately normal TV and
stuff like that
so a lot of relatives have been reaching
out to me himself like that so this is
cousin find him on faith he contacts me
on Facebook and he's like hey man what's
going on I'm like oh hey how's it going
it's like oh we catch up we're going
back for like oh man is so great oh cool
how you doing is I saw you on TV on my
all thanks man that's really quick like
I mean you're doing big things that's
awesome man
like great thanks man he's like a meow
using yeah man I can got this girl
pregnant man I don't I don't know what
to do and the first thing that came to
my head was good
I'm glad I'm glad you're in a dilemma
also ate my s'more I hope he comes out
and he's a giant s'more can crush him in
your hand that's what you do do awesome
stuff that's all fucked up I am these
guys having a serious dilemma like a
serious thing this one his skin changes
like forever either way and I'm like
good that $2 s'more yes successful inch
sortition
I like like cause like you know cuz that
stuff is important to you when you're a
kid that stuff is really important like
that was like the world to me as a kid
like we like cuz kids love sugar like my
brother Steven loves sugar
he loves sugar and I remember like we
weren't allowed to have any sugary
cereals as a kid we weren't we just
weren't allowed to have any sugary
cereals and like my mom would like get
us like the two cereals we were allowed
to have was Cheerios and kicks and
Cheerios is like cardboard to do and
kicks it's kind of like the handjob of
cereals it's like a little sweet it's
like it's a handjob of serious cuz it's
like this is pretty good but you know
what I really want
so like we would always go to the store
and my mom my brother would be like I'm
gonna get couple bucks
I really want Kokomo's give me a coconut
coconuts my mom be like no no no no like
no we're not gonna Coco Puffs no sugar
no no and then one day my brother just
snapped just snapped you just like
my mom goes grabs it and goes throws it
in the car and just walks maybe my
brother go so we go home we go home and
we're like skipping around like this yes
yes we're gonna get Cocoa Puffs this is
gonna be so awesome yes yes yes yeah
this is good
oh my I can't wait oh this is gonna be
so great to tell everybody that's gonna
get Cocoa Puffs and she my mom was a
Tupperware woman and my mom goes over to
the cabinet and does the most devious
thing I've ever seen anyone ever do
she takes a big Tupperware container
meant for cereal like one of those big
things that you pour and stuff opens it
up takes a quarter of the cocoa puffs
like just the top like 1/4 cocoa puffs
pours it in there like through then
takes a big old box of kicks pours like
the whole thing on top of it shakes it
up so like the ratio is like 13,000
kicks so one cocoa puffs like it's like
one spot of breath it looked like a
Kanye concert that's what
takes the box and slides it across the
table and it's like there you go and my
brother Lou continues the pores of a
ball you bitch how could you ruin this
day like cry but he still ate it
that's how much kids love sugar that's
how much my brother loves sugar he was
an addict he could've been my fuck
there's on me this minute forget it I
still want it it's like if you love
pizza and then it dudes like hey you
like pizza there you go
you're not gonna be like oh you asshole
people lined up around the block is like
a domino thing oh come on baby I used to
be a lawyer
like I said like I grew up with a lot of
foster parents and foster kids stuff
like that
hey guy I mean like my parents were my
parents I never had foster parents but
like we had a lot of kids going through
their lay again like we'd be like that's
how I learned about all the stuff in the
world like sex and all that crazy stuff
cuz they were talking about this crazy
stuff I'd be like what's like I was so
like sheltered like my parents did a
good job about that like I did like and
then it would be whicker's like I
remember we'd have kids I mean like
DeMarcos like my little brother and he's
adopted but we haven't says he was
little so he's like my real brother for
all intents purposes like he was there
says he was a baby so like I would mess
with him like he was my little brother
like I'd be on the top bunk an he'd be
on the bottom bunk and be on top and be
like tobacco maybe like I'd be like when
you fall asleep my dad like quiet down
in there trying to masturbate in the den
you can't do that stuff to kids who have
been in the system you can't do that
stuff to kids who have been in like in
house after house like because they've
been an assistant to her the two brough
like I tried to pull this stuff on this
kid named like Teddy I tried to pull it
and I was like on the top bunk and I was
like he was like what and I was like
when you fall asleep and he was like you
piss in my mouth and bite your dick off
and I was like goodnight
terrified like every Saturday morning
like we would come down and we were like
rule the whole house cuz there was like
a bunch of us not including my cousin's
ever come over sometimes and some kids
my mom would babysit so there's like a
bunch of this eight of us jumping around
banging around the walls it's like going
crazy my mom'll be like get these kids
out of here they're coming driving me
nuts and my where do you want to go
where do you want to go on a Saturday
morning more than anywhere else where do
you want to go where what what park park
I heard Park chuck-e-cheese makes me
really say it someone had a stepdad
yeah chucky cheese whatever
I'm gonna go call your new mom no new
mom hit I hit a sore spot for a lot of
people
no but it was like yeah like you go Toys
R Us guys Toys R Us that's where you
want to go Toys R Us was the illest
place on earth it was so dope like Toys
R Us was so dope you didn't even need to
go home with anything that was how
awesome with it sometimes you just you
just want to hang out there just look at
all the new stuff get on bikes like ride
them in the in like the aisles and
somebody get off though you can't do
that you look on Sarge line as soon as
they turn the corner run around be
awesome but like we would always ask to
go to Toys R Us we like my gosh give
itto juicers you want to go to Toys R Us
my daddy like you you guys want to go to
Toys R Us we'll get in the brush dance
we get in the van we're all happy and
stuff
toys all right Toys R Us and we never
went to Toys R Us never went to Toys R
Us we always went to fucking ouch wits
for kids fucking Home Depot worse
worst place on earth fucking hate Home
Depot hate it Samar's place cuz that's
what your childhood goes to die
it really is it's where your childhood
goes to die the second book that one day
you walk into a Home Depot you're like
oh nobs
you're dead you're dead inside cuz all
of us have had that moment we're home
deeper look that's a cute little mailbox
like bear your dreams cuz you're not a
kid anymore
you're dead and we would always go in
there and it's the worst place as a kid
it's the worst place ever because you
want to touch stuff you want to hang out
and then like just a bunch of quiet
adults looking around like I don't trust
that that sharp I can make my house a
mansion no you can't I can't make your
house a mansion bunch of two-by-fours
like it's not gonna do anything so it
was me my brother and this new kid we
had just got named Harry and he was new
brand new and we go in there like seems
like what and we go to the toilet
section and we pretend to take shits
that was a fun thing we go to toilet
section and to pretend to make poops
if we go over to the toilet a lot of
base like that was like fun things like
that fruit like that was like the fun
the fun thing to do
and Terry went over and took a real shit
and I remember it so vividly because he
pulled down his pants and I remember
thinking he doesn't have to do that
and he sat down he just goes
and it gets up and me and my brother
look at each other and no one in here
knows fear until you've seen a dry turd
in the middle of Home Depot
at 11 a.m. in the morning people are
eating waffles and jogging people like I
love you honey I'm gonna go go to work
and someone pooped in the middle of Home
Depot and I think my brother kind of
lost it for a second they kind of went
crazy for one second cuz he was like I'm
gonna try and flush it all depo we're
right my washing machine and like we're
forgetting look we're dead
we're dead we're gonna die we're dead
meat oh my God we're gonna die we're
dead meat and then like I look over at
Terry and Terry's freaking ions like I
wanna go back I'm gonna go back to the
house I don't wanna go back to the other
but and I just grabbed I was like get it
together Terry get your shit together we
are no longer children you took that
away from us man you took that away from
us shit together so like we're freaking
out and I go home are we gonna do oh my
god I'm like okay I'm the oldest I'm the
oldest can the oldest so I run to the
toilet seat section pick up a toilet
seat box and just put it on top
still in the box just a box with a
picture of a toilet seat on it on top of
a turret
I look at my brothers like let's just
fade away guys blood oath
and then for like like for five minutes
like my little brothers like they hid
under Neeson like two-by-fours
for like five minutes like for ten
minutes like I hadn't liked some rakes
super-quiet for the next five minutes we
were the most well behaved kids in Home
Depot history like we were the most like
kids just hey and then we were like
what's wrong with that kid need a back
massage dad my dad was like whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa what's what's
going on like look at him he goes you
want to go to Toys R Us all right well
you didn't have to work that hard it's
okay he goes and me and my brother look
it took her we shouldn't stop more often
what the poop and stuff more often look
over at Terry and Terry's losing it he's
never lied like that before so he's just
like standing there just you can't look
at my dad he's like freaking out shaking
or stuff like that I'm like Terry we're
almost home free just hold on we're
almost there just hold on we're almost
there and that's when we hear it that's
when we hear the loudest sound I've ever
heard in my entire life and it was
and it was the oldest Asian woman I'd
ever seen just
and she didn't know much English she
knew poop
she was screaming it and they end up
manager runs over the puss what's wrong
what's wrong what's going on
oh my god like he's screaming so I broke
that that side and then like adults run
over there
screaming crying czar like it was like
the end of the movie seven and shit
everybody's crying Morgan Freeman was
there he's like oh like everyone's going
nuts I've never seen as many adults
crying my entire life never and the
thing that gave us away
the thing that gave us away was that
everybody everyone is running everyone
is screaming everyone's crying really
losing and me and my brothers are like
Statue kids
we're just staring at my dad's like
maybe if we don't move and we don't
breathe like normal kids do he'll know
that everything is fine because we
haven't moved for 20 minutes and he
looks at us looks at the poop looks back
at us it goes let's go
and we already you guys have been so
awesome thank you guys so much I really
appreciate it
you