if you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you hello New York City
[Applause]
thank you coming out of the show
don't let the licensed cameras throw you
always over the movie anything and y'all
gonna be in the shit
only I'm getting paid for the month
every now and then I take a joke before
I get in trouble that's why I haven't
been on the road last three years cuz I
did a lot of did y'all see delirious
makin fun a lot of entertainers from
that's when I got scared because I did
some drugs by mr. T and mr. T was gonna
fuck it up
he was I was scared cuz y'all see mr.
Chi he don't look like you know like he
can't fight he looks like he can whip
some ass right and I was petrified I was
walking party and people say yo members
he was just here looking for you he was
walking up people saying I'm a wee bit
of everything from him then I watched
his show because I didn't know him I
watched the show see what kind of guy
was in the character on the show I ain't
too bright so I figured if he came up to
me I can use the Jedi mind trick on him
T welcome Pope I heard you did some
jokes about it he didn't maybe I didn't
i'ma go beat up the food and coming in
line I was scared I'd be at parties he
was looking for me I was just leave but
I don't fight misty then I found out
Michael Jackson was looking for me and I
was like yo one night I found my manager
called me up and said yo man Michael
Jackson is a man I'd like so deal
because I fucked my cup beautiful right
microwave or the fuck Oh fine you know
bust that ass on Mike I'm looking for my
manager said you know we don't know
everything about Michael Jackson yeah I
feel this bad motherfucker behind closed
doors he's a recluse you know behind
closed doors you might be completely
different
[Music]
I'm moonwalk all up and down your hair
is some washing i'ma put this glove up
yeah that's a dumb I could never
I've been tried for five months to do
the moonwalk and I can't do this shit
shit it's the dumbest dance ever cuz I
can't do it that's I say it's too big
but how do you do the moonwalk and ask a
woman to dance and shit theater party
baby
thank you later stupid shit Michael can
do that shit though Michael so famous
Michael went on television and
everything he says the public believes
went on television said I don't have sex
because my religious beliefs and the
public believed it Idol brothers like it
the fuck out of here and why people done
that Michael saw special kind of guy hey
special I mean it good clean and
wholesome y'all believe you know how I
know y'all believe it
y'all don't get mad when you took Brooke
Shields and Grammys nobody White's that
shit and Brooke Shields is the whitest
woman in America that's Miss America
every years birth fuck will you see with
the crap
Brooke you look at white women at
dictionary be a picture Brooke like this
she's white and his nigga took at the
Grammys nobody said shit and I took
Brooke Shields and Grammys y'all lose
your mind cause y'all know purple get
fucked that night
and Brooke knew - that's why we going
this year
lassy I did jokes about you did not lie
to us about homosexual about a couple
years ago and faggots were mad they were
like and they were it's nothing like
having a nation of fags looking for you
I'd be at parties always 2 or 3
homosexual at a party they'd be standing
on looking at you
I can't travel the country freely no
more I can't go to San Francisco
they got 24-hour home old watch waiting
for me at airport as soon as I got a
plane to be like you care yeah yeah Tim
yes attend and the Kazakh come rushing
across town be well they really it won't
be no siren be real faxing on the roof
[Applause]
go over pull over pull over I'm all
reading this right you have the right to
remain silent then you say can and will
be here to get you in a court of law you
had right to in the turn now turn around
I'm most risky are you can and it
concealed weapon
[Music]
you watch the Bill Cosby Show I think
you I love Bill Cosby Show I've been a
big fan of Bill Cosby on my life never
met the man before but he called me up
about a year ago and chastised me on the
phone for being too dirty on stage and
it was really weird because I had never
met him and he just started with he
should call me up because he was Bill
and tell me that he did about what
comedy is all about and I sat and
listened to this man chastise me and
when Bill Cosby chastise you used to get
you groan you feel like one of the Cosby
kids shit I ran in the house all excited
to talk to Bill and pick up the
telephone and Bill got rolling me I was
like hello mr. Cosby and here I put like
to talk about you and yourself
I'm going to tell you a story he always
tells me stars I would like to tell you
story five children
one two four five five five children I
live in Massachusetts with my wife
Camille and my brother now the five
children that we have there for girls
and aboard the boys name is Ennis penis
everything you do come home from school
the other day with a big smile on his
face and my son looks just like me you
walk through the door looking at me with
his big smile I cannot lose it because
with such a beautiful smile he walks up
and I say what are you smiling about
ah the child says to me I'm smiling
because I need money to go see the
everybody show please give me money for
child smiling this way because she eats
[Music]
money for I do not handle the money in
the house my wife Camille handles the
ticket money so I must go into the
kitchen to where my wife is cooking
dinner for the family and she is inside
the kitchen cooking and she got a bowl
and she's cooking up for food and she's
cooking it up and the child walks in the
room with despises mother please money
she gives him money he runs off to see
he's strong now we sit in the nothing
room waiting
in this to return and about five o'clock
in the morning the child comes through
the door he has a different look on his
face and look like he heard something at
your show that he's never heard before
and I say to my child I think hard I say
what the man say and he says pop the man
comes out and says these things I said
where did he say he's a spot become town
says some stuff so what did he do he
says pop he walks out and he goes hello
listen MFE kiss my big black stuff and
second and stick it down your mouth the
second plan
you cannot say Phil Schreier self-flying
self in front of people and I said I
never said no filth flarn filth does you
know what I'm talking about I can't use
type of language you use but you know
what I mean when I say filth flarn flarn
flarn filth nothing I never said no
filth flarn filth and I know what you're
talking about if any that you call fuck
you
Nashua bill got pissed at that's what
I'm talking you cannot say fuck
and tons of people and I got mad cuz you
thought my whole act like I just walked
out on stage and cursed and left and I
managed to sticking some jokes between
the cursors you couldn't give a no
cursed show walk out and say hey how far
a motherfucker did put this knot and
shit tonight good night
suck my dick papa
ice-o-matic or Richard Pryor's house up
and said you're Richard Bill Kosmas just
called me up and told me I was too dirty
and Richard said next time I'm up I
could call telling I said fuck my dick
I don't give a fuck whatever the fuck
make the people laugh say that shit so
do the people laugh when you say what
you say I said yes do you get paid I
said yes we'll tell bill I said have a
Coke and a smile and shut the fuck up
the jell-o pudding Newton my buddy
Richard Richard is the rawest
motherfuckin showbiz Richards or what
that made me want to do Tommy when I was
little I want to be Richard Pryor so bad
I used to read little listened to
sneaking the memory sneaked in the
basement put his albums on and just
listen your mother ain't supposed to
hear listen listen and shit and I turned
the I was I want to be Richard so bad I
should go out on stage when I was 15 and
talk and act and walk and do everything
like Richard Pryor my mother was sitting
watching a little 15 year old son on
stage saying some outlandish shit my
whole act back there was about taking
his shit because that's all I had done
it's 15 that's my life experience but it
sound like Richard Pryor jokes when you
shit that water splash up on your ass
gonna make you mad right you don't
really make me mad and when shit come
halfway out your ass then go back up in
there mother right why do shit be teased
in your eyes right just get the fuck out
I think you know what really bother me
is when you be straining for a long time
right and one little pebble shit come up
fuck them shit this big well push your
head up the asshole
oh shit I'm gonna get you know really
making man when your ass don't cooperate
with you and crunch up and break the
shit in half you be mad in the mouth
like a - cuz you know you got to wait
your ass for like five hours or shit
right use 12 rolls of toilet paper on
that motherfucker you know what really
make me mad though it's afterwards right
is after you shit you done all the shit
you're gonna do for the whole day right
you finish shitting and you flush the
toilet and wait a second and one chunk
come back what does that chump want my
mother shot now if you don't speak
English you can't hear that bit if you
all you hear is shit and shit shit see I
got a lot of foreigners to come over I
got a lot of you from other countries
that see my film to come over the United
States because in New York is like a
tourist place and they get HBO and they
catch delirious and they can't speak
English and try to do my act on the
street and all they got is the curses
I got firing a small over the world
walking on boy everybody thank you
I know you I feel television get a fuck
you man right fuck my Giga fuck it
you're black motherfucker you fuck you
man
baby stay in house man almost got
married last year knows you and I got to
get married in 80s now I read the papers
I said fuck this I'm getting ah hey you
know read you can catch some shit and
you uh you can't just keep messing
around like used to eventually your dick
will fall off remember just like numbers
like GD in the 60s that shit don't just
sting no more every time they cure some
to come back stronger VP is new and
improved now they got do the doctor's
office with symptoms like ass Cuba doc
what does it mean when to go to the
bathroom and fire shoot I did
let me get this right you're getting a
burning sensation when you urinate no
fires you got my bitches a purse to
flame slide my dick when I pee I can't
even pee in the house up here my house
down I got to go outside here
I was outside Pino the day you tried to
mug me I turn around burn him up on the
street bags when I'm trying to say my
dick is a blowtorch is why I'm Venezuela
got to be careful is you having casual
sex nowadays like playing Russian
roulette and I know I've thrown my deck
on the crap table many a night miss ray
you began then every time you do it you
gambling with your dick saying come on I
need a woman with a mind I need the
perfect person come on out give it to me
I need you might've heard sauna come on
give it to me now oh shit
fat fuck to fish go get my dick back No
Oh get my dick imma keep rolling I got
one more rolling they come on here I
want the perfect woman now come on now
on I with a mind intelligence a nice ass
and a body
give it to me now Oh skinny cockeyed
bitch go get my dick back get my dick
back come on now love to be quiet keep
rolling I know I just started in the
last row
come on that it's the last one this is
one this one B come on this track this
right
hey blowing this for luck please this is
my last row come on now here we go come
on give it to me now oh shit herpes I
crapped out my biggest fuck my dick his
room so be careful get married I will
not find the perfect woman 19 years old
beautiful face a Persian nobody ever
fucked her and I had an advocate ladies
like blam titties like this she was so
fine she wanted people are so fine when
you see them to make you ugly be like
god damn she was fine when I cut all my
girls officer that's it I'm getting
married is it gonna be me and her I was
so happy and I went out and I was
shopping and I was waiting on the line
and I saw it Enquirer magazine well
online and I saw Johnny Carson on the
front page it was picture him like this
then I said what's up with Johnny I
turned in the inside story and his wife
was on the other page and she was like
this and overhead I said Johnny's right
what's HAP daddy's money I'll turn that
shit back to Johnny then I started
thinking about it have
if you if you have five dollars and have
to give some my 250 you be upset Johnny
had to have at least 300 million and
have to give up 150 million dollars and
then went even married but ten years and
a hundred and fifty million now I did I
give me a fucking break what what and
ladies no here's a woman's name right on
oh you Kidder baby that's not fair not a
hundred feet of me I feel a lot elated I
went all the money you can shit I'm glad
she did
she earned you she added that you damn
right Steve America NT there that money
get the fuck out my face with that poser
no don't get me wrong if you bury
somebody and neither one of you have
anything and you build 300 million
together
you deserve half but johnny was 300
million in when they met and I'm quite
sure she knew and joy hey I'm Johnny
shoes like I know you are motherfucker
and they got married broke up she didn't
work out and then she had to get here I
give 150 million dollars with money and
don't get me wrong ladies I know a lot
of housewives tonight they go well you
can't put a pass on what I do but ladies
if you man man with 300 million dollars
you ain't no regular housewives you got
to clean the house no more
you get it made drink clean and shit you
mad marrow three million dollars you
ain't cooking no more you eat now you
man no experi million dollars you know a
lot of housewives got to get jobs on the
side to help make ends meet he got three
hundred man there is a meeting like a
motherfucker what you're going to get a
job at a boutique on the weekends and
shit if they hear Johnny I made $70 put
that with the red now we have 300
million and $70 from I want to do my
share
no oh you have to do your my mail three
hundred million dollars and fuck your
husband that's it that's your job fuck
your husband
yes it that's just fuck your husband
it's a lot of w-2 they say what you do
you say I fucked my husband
and I've had my share of pussy I have
yet even if the pussy was great and
Spock shut out the woman's ass and
tannin the blood and the mountains
crumpled and the sea brought no pussy is
worth a hundred and fifty million
dollars I like to meet some pussy like
that put the shit on layaway that shit
scared of it half I was petrified man
you know it's real scary is it American
women in the eighties have become very
business conscious you're the most
resourceful and the most business smart
women on the planet now an ad and it
would be an asset to us as American men
if you weren't so vindictive because the
two don't matches like it did was really
fucked up as a child a most loving
people American women are all often to
this romance won't be romantic and they
generally fall in love with you now love
and money do not mix the shit don't mix
especially got a business smart woman
and the lovers you throw up to woman say
baby I never met anybody like you before
my life I never met anyone like you
either why don't we be together why
don't we be together baby William and me
I thought you would never ask me before
we get married why don't you sign us
prenuptial agreement
what do you mean sign a prenuptial
agreement well that's a contractor
stipulations we would have a break up
you take what you have when you came
into relationship and I take what I have
ah
first of all I don't give a fuck who you
are and what you have okay you got a
whole lot of motherfucking nerve I asked
me to sign a concentrate I love the
first that's nothing a man can do
Schmidt I can't do myself I got a job
now this shit from you you got a hold
out of my I love you you think I'll tell
you son sure I love you find me some I
go to my family I found the cash cami
you got a whole lot and many all that
shit we be like okay we don't need no
contract and you don't get a contract
and get married without one and shit
don't work out you break up your lady
she sitting around in the kitchen by
herself man trying to figure out a way
to get even with your ass but I can't
believe that my punk additions to make
after all this shit I didn't even make
up and I die all the thing I didn't die
from me do this to me well shit I don't
get him and his fat bitch can kiss my
ass I don't get seen I even wonder I'm
he got a whole lot of nerve
I don't want shit from him Oh huh I
don't care you know something you know
Hey
I take happy shit
and there get it can help your money
your house your car alimony child
support and your children you be on the
covered inquire related so be careful I
start having nightmares I waking up in
the middle of night cuz I mention
marriage and women I like American women
I got a friend got a Japanese girlfriend
you know at Japanese were the most
docile women on the planet they're real
that's real timid timid timid timid
woman I walked in the house and his
friend Japanese girl bowed to me when I
walk in I said what's wrong what's your
wife back and shit he says a Japanese
thing they always bad I was like oh shit
I said miss did you decorate a house and
she looked at her husband a husband did
I just you may speak and she spoke and I
was like nah that's pussy control for
you then you know that I'm used to
American women saying you don't own me
Hey Baby where you going
excuse me I said were you going you
don't own me you my woman ain't you
don't see no rings on these fingers are
you gonna put a ring on this finger
but our Allah our then you don't owe me
in okay
first let me change I don't give a fuck
who you are what you have okay you got a
whole lot of nerve from say and ask me
where I'm going I come and go without
these I don't ask to my father angry
answer no man either hey don't man go
tell me right black on the go you got a
hold on a motherfucker what the hell you
think you are anyway
oh come ask me where I'm going nobody
owns me oh my gosh I'm my own person and
we all that shit okay where you gonna be
i'ma be Wham you don't own me you don't
you know your woman might tell you gonna
put a ring on my finger that shut you
right up okay
cuz you know I know you spend a lot of
your money on your woman and I know
you're going to the movies and you go to
get the ice cream and the candy and the
flowers and the anklets and the
bracelets and help her get some clothes
and you spending all your money or shit
you and never spend it on but you don't
own her just theoretically that pussys
on lease
leasing the pussy with an option to buy
be careful cuz you lose half on a
trade-in
got to be careful you got to have a JLo
being eighties got a some money that has
the money you can't get a pussy listen
to the radio that's was about listen to
Madonna
I'm Material Girl and to world you got
the money you have to push it basically
what it is it's a song out now fuck I
could have a Jo be if you want to be
with me and lyrics y'all ain't nothing
going on but the rent like if you would
up and say hey baby what's going on the
rent motherfucker you have a child but
how I want to get the fuck out my face
that have some money says no romance
without finance and women love them son
Janet Jackson gotta hit radio what have
you done for me lately
that's what it is what have you done for
me lately the record start off by there
I know he used to shit for you but what
if he does with you lately baby I love
you
what have you done for me lately the
only thing on my mind what have you done
for me lately we make good love what
have you done for me lately gotta have
some money to give you pussy neighs it's
fucked up that's why I say hey I'm a
target I have to get married I have to
go off to the woods of Africa and find
me some crazy naked zebra bitch that
knows nothing about money she got to be
butt naked on a zebra with a big bone in
her nose and a big plate lip and a big
fucked-up afro
I forgot it like answer the Davey she
didn't go God after I be fucked up and
when the pics with a fish in the back
and shit and she got to be but Nicki
because then she got some clothes she
gonna package to go ahead put some in
the pocket cuz he got to be butt naked
on the zebra and y'all think it's a joke
y'all gonna go i'ma walk up and say hey
how you doing money she go I went that
way that way I say miss Murphy miss
Murphy and I'm bringing her home they'll
think it's a joke girl go past a
newsstand one day and see me on the
cover jet with some woman with a big
bone and a plate and a big fucked-up
afro butt-naked yo go say hey Eddie must
be visiting Africa say Murphy Marius
Bush bitch
but then getting caught I excuse to get
caught out there and fuck that and I'm
bringing home and locked up in the house
you go off Africa and get you Bush woman
you can't let her mingle with American
women because they'll change that shit
up
American women stick together last thing
they wanna see is you got some trained
Bush bitch in your house
it will catch her by herself in the
kitchen and throw a monkey wrench in
your whole program soon as they get out
alone I can't stand to eat wrecking my
hind and doing everything you tell you
to who you think he is you get gain oh
god you're a human bean didn't see
nobody
it's too big for one person between the
lottery is you ain't always trying once
you're in there oh you know some girl do
you know you can take half as money did
you know you take half his money did you
know that you know you're tired you eat
and tell you inside the head oh he only
told you half the star in a girl you can
take half the money the car the house
the children all the money got chicken
by all the zebras and bones you won't go
back home and a girl you had to put up
with this shit and get your hair done
right cut that big afro shit off and go
back home to FN now who the hell he
think you let me take some Mouse back
Eddie Murphy that motherfucking buddy
how you doing well I don't know you here
you scared me I can't stay I was just
talking to foo-foo about a couple of
things
huh no no no I got to go I got you two
y'all two lovebirds talk Eddie talk to
y'all talking true for your girl not to
talk about
Go Go Eddie please talk to Oh phoo phoo
meet me in the kitchen with some Bush
bitch what attitude
Eddie
I want to talk to you so proud baby
I don't thank you or your baby like
anymore yes butt naked on a zebra last
month I don't care Eddie I'm a medicaid
woman now I want what's coming to me
Eddie what have you done for me
I want you to be happy with what you
want huh keep it up Andy give me half
mr. fuck you mine suck my dick and you
motherfucker
[Music]
then I be on the front page of the
African Enquirer like this so be careful
don't get caught in the trap any woman
could get any man she wants as she put
some mind and pussy to it they can have
you does they have figured us out with
very easy creatures to figure out and
women know all they have to do is cater
to our egos enough and they can have you
guys how many times as you fuck some
ugly bitch that just kept hanging around
and you had to butter then that's what's
better
I can't believe a bit what it just cater
to your ego take it sometimes you see a
real ugly bitch with a handsome dude
walk now Street you said how to happen
dude one yeah how don't happen cuz she
catered to his ego they can figure us
out guys don't catch as you call them
pussy traps let's go and put the dress
it's a trap they trap you but it wasn't
you catch you with the verses what they
do do and to trap the most common trap
is to not give you any though don't
think like maybe you know you gonna put
a chapel the most common is when you
ain't getting any at all that's the
track when you meet a woman and
everything is perfect and she won't do
anything in subtract sometimes it
backfires because a lot of women play
these games with sex and ladies like sex
just as much as we do guys but they act
like they don't but they do it's not the
woman there's not a woman in this room
right now I wouldn't rather be somewhere
else with a nice stiff one Adam don't
you let them fool you
like it judges My dear lady shit nigga
that's true he's funny but he's not that
funny
I'll take a dick over smile in a day yes
I really like it just pushes us for the
ladies game see know where backfires on
your ladies when you go meet a guy and
he wants you you want him and you like
each other and everything is perfect but
you won't do anything say baby let's go
you say no I'm not going to do it and
after that he don't like you no more but
he still wants to fuck you so he waits
he play okay oh wait
good night and you wait you wait three
months then you finally get in she's
like this I'm young you go fuck you
bitch
fuck you and your pussy the fuck out my
face
big camera don't get trapped I told you
the most common trappings and not give
you in your life you got to be the meter
man clap out of women that you've never
slept with before I made you clap
truthfully you know naked ladies going
those shame on you you should have
fought them clap clap louder
y'all shooted fucker but these men like
you they just won't do it though he
trying to check guys don't be hurt she
likes you
that's why I don't this is what is going
on inside your house every night bitch
baby come on that call please PC big
come on please now come on stop we just
could we please and we gonna go too far
I want food before come on now baby
well my dick don't get much harder than
this
so I've arranged for three months was
the problem no see everyone fucked I
wanna make love another relationship
didn't work out and I don't want to be
like all other ones and you're very
special to me I know all the girl and
men see those tears and we be okay we
all have to do nothing you go out your
friend bitch
yo man you fucking yet know why not
fishy this you will fuck you will make
love which is bullshit I mean fucking
and making love let's be real at me to
the physical act I like to fuck somebody
I'm in love with but ain't making love
to nobody I get into bed I get in the
bed I get to bed don't think about when
you're getting the bed would you rather
have somebody say oh make love to me are
grad to back your head and say fuck this
shit on
to destruct motherfuck murder them us am
I in the beverage world darling or to
make love to you
really
but I tell you I don't fuck I want to
make love and it make you wait and you
wait and wait and wait and wait
you just keep our way to just wait and
finally to give you some it is the best
your hand your life you come harder than
you've ever Akane this was it this was a
feeling I've been searching for I
finally made love you didn't make love
just some real good you know why cuz she
waited five months for it if you're
starving and some I throw your cracker
you will be like this guy at the cafe my
needle reg attack a woman who that
assault a goddamn that was delicious
that one dose off you know that I'm a
talent under that was that was risk that
will do that one arrest I'll survive
that the best fact I've made my life
damn little beef please one more did you
get married because you did you find the
bomb had the same crackers every day for
you you roll up one day and be later
Hey I just got some regular crackers
try to leave half so be careful marry
someone is not gonna fool around on you
would you be hard to do in 80s because
everybody's fucking each other now a
date is like fuck fest 87 down but
everybody everybody is fucking and it
really is getting bad
let me hear the women clap that are
loyal to their men truthfully I mean
fuck
okay now let me hear let me hear the
women clap that have men that are loyal
to them
that's the awesome disillusioned ladies
Tiber right now let me hear the men clap
let me edit men clap that are loyal to
their women stop you lyin motherfuckers
stop stop stop stop
kiss my ass fuck I ain't no such thing
as a loyal man you lying motherfucker
stop it the only reason y'all clap is
because you're a woman sitting next to
you right now when I asked when I asked
the question she looked at you like this
you gonna put your hand together
I'm gonna stomp your feet light a match
for this pussy goddammit
stand up and collect stain your hands
buttons happen
see number one no such thing as Lyman
ladies do not be fooled I know so many
strong raps now have you believe in it
no loyal men all men fuck other women we
are low by nature and have to do it we
are men all men do it we have to do it
we are men
it is a main thing men must find and
conquer is much pussy and they can get
do not think for two seconds that you
know only one your man is fucking he is
a man and has to conquer women I see a
lot of your women are destined I go that
money yes
drove in to your man too
if he's not here with you tonight he
fucking somebody
because he is a man has nothing to do
with you
you can add the best pussy in the world
could be a cake hanging out your pussy
with a big s on it
your man still gonna go fuck somebody
else because he is the man it is a big
thing do not try to understand yet that
particular I understand this we are men
a lot of guys out there right now like
this to your head shut the fuck up
get all my money friends motherfucker
you're gonna be driving home tonight
with your wife in the car like this you
don't really be fooling around I get
this thing
no baby that's just jokes it sure is
funny look when we change stuff that's
all about something completely different
now how do you want to talk about the
swooner answer I do want to talk about
the schooner and stuff and she knows how
my why does he have to lie to me I think
he's telling the truth you know
something she fooled around I will be so
hurt in discussions you know what I
would do I would wait you would Steve I
come inside room and I would kill you
oh yeah it sure is funny but I ain't got
to worry about getting here cuz much as
I love you I wouldn't fool around while
we change yourself you talk about
something different let's talk about the
Richard Pryor I don't want to talk about
the Richard Pryor I won't talk about
this this is fooling around she cuz he
fooled around I'll be so hurt you know
what happened ooh oh we should do baby
take care
now wait till you went to sleep and I'd
come inside the room and cut your dick
off
nobody talked about cutting off my day
well you don't be putting your dick in
nobody out there I don't play that shit
you cut off my dick you better run
goddammit
stop making a big threat woman's favor
y'all always make ya'll rich that's the
woman's favorite threat is I do
something to you they go over to my man
who just kickin it enough and then put
it after you put your hand on me I'll
kick you it hurts y'all ways dick fresh
y'all realize how sensitive nuts are
dear
coz mentally like to hear a threat like
that you here's my kicking it nuts mate
you went black tender subject clean you
don't have to kick no nuts to hurt
nobody
you could just graze nuts and a man to
be fucked up and that pain is worse
cause it don't set in for like ten
seconds you'd be wondering if it's gonna
hurt you
you say I wonder it did that hit my nuts
just
okay Miranda put peanut you don't have
to get great you just great
and y'all do that shit when you play
fight do you ever have a woman play
fight with you and your man get real
serious when it's ready addictive hey
baby come on hey hey
I think playtime is over
no crazy that's my men don't like a
handle little babies and little babies
with them with them high-top white shoes
on with a real hard bottom with about
one years old you pick them up and their
leg muscles be strong they stopped you
in the nuts with both feet and both
y'all be trippin you guys and your
mother thank you talking baby old and so
cute the way they talking even go to
your mother please go to your mother
what's natty snake know about to throw
this motherfucker someplace yellow old
I'm gonna kick you in your baby nice and
see how you like her always took my
kicking sir - you know what ladies you
know I had a woman ask me today she said
you know why I say my thing I don't want
to know why all men fool around
why why why I do everything my man wants
me to do and he still fools around why I
cook I clean I fuck only wants to get
fucked I come and go as he says bye bye
bye did you call the girlfriends ago Wow
Wow why should I know my man you home
watch but I don't know why you called
your mother said mama watch you god no
your father homework what'd I tell you
why our man fool around
those men flew around because of this
and look at all the women in the
audience right now looking at me like
this we fooled around because we figured
women out did see you later later what
does he mean he figured it out and
dumped niggas on yeah what would be
reviewable we figured you out in this
sense this is true anybody's ever done
this anybody will look anytime anybody's
ever done it will agree we're going to
say any woman's have had this done to
her will agree what I'm going to say and
those of you who've never done a sit
angle I disagree but once you make woman
come real hard once you make a woman say
whew
no matter how bad you fuck up no matter
what you do wrong no matter what you say
no matter what you do as long as you say
I'm sorry she will listen to your story
and that's the truth the truth
true true and ladies you soon will make
that noise
a man your relationship will change with
your man cause we know we went on that
noise we will be waiting on it cuz we
know we can act therefore Surgical whoo
we know we're gonna act a fool in
remember when the man couldn't make it
even call no more that shit here you go
whoo let me want to spend on us free
time with you no more that cuz you made
that noise your man can act crazy
we know soon as you go whoo I face in
the pillow that cuz I got this
motherfucker now and then you start
talking whose pussy was any relationship
changed from that moment when I'm
sitting on the bed a leg shaking oh I
can't believe any man get real coal on
you say some shit like why'd you shake
your ass home what are you talking about
while you're cheating like this we have
a relationship you know only
[Applause]
[Music]
what do you mean in on you we have
relationship I thought to be going
together
I'll see you no rings on your finger but
[Music]
what have you done for me lately
you'll put up with it y'all something up
at all kinds of crazy shit there to show
you I guess it's hard to find somebody
that knows how to do it to you right cuz
when y'all find one y'all stick through
that man through all kinds of bullshit I
know a man got busted coming out of
another woman's house to show you how
far a woman the stoop he got busted
coming out of another woman's house his
woman saw him come out the house knew
that the woman lived there and then said
shit which they got home walking the
kitchen I said what the hell are you
doing that bitch's house today
no the man said what me
look man yo face what me
why be who right hey what me
no the woman said maybe wasn't you I got
a friend got busted in his house in his
bed where here it is wife sleep with
another woman fucking his wife won't
decide the house open up the bedroom
girl ah man how bad would another would
fucking she wasn't man shut up
saw his woman standing she ran down the
hallway changed his woman down the
hallway but never with a rock like that
talking about I'm sorry
it sound like a tragedy right no it was
like a baby wait oh wait baby look
oh-ho-ho boy shit wait wait wait we got
stuff baby I am sorry no you're not
sighs I can't believe you did this to me
you have no respect for me baby I'm
sorry I'm sorry wait a Kleenex are you
wouldn't have fucked up then you change
the shit around right yeah okay wait a
minute
wait one second goddamn it yes I fucked
her yes
that was rubbish and fucked all right I
fucked up we fucked all right
you happy now we fucked let's talk about
the word fuck ball minute that's a very
important word here fuck yes we did fuck
yes we did fuck I fucked up I make love
to you
[Music]
and if you want that a fuck come between
our love something really wrong having
here baby
bullshit that's the only reason why it
works now I've seen IDs tonight they're
feeling real my choker some of you may
have heard your woman make that noise
before you think that you are in control
of your shit but I told you half-hour
ago women are vindictive and don't you
think for two seconds and if you keep
breaking this woman's heart and keep
fucking her over you're a sweet innocent
little sweet loving darling woman she
eventually will go out and fuck someone
else don't think she won't don't think
she won't look all the men's faces they
light in men don't like the pictured a
woman fucking nobody that's taboo like
watch the guys faces ladies look at him
guys picture your woman fucking your
best friend look at him
hey your woman is like this hmm I tell
you be careful and women ain't like us
it's not their nature to fool around and
instead like real go out and sneak out
to the hotel and have to wash your dick
in the sink and all that shit women
we've been going through it classy they
don't fuck around like us they gonna do
it class it's like hey I don't do this
often I'm gonna do it right you know
when your woman's gonna fool around when
you keep messing her over then
eventually some shit like this you know
I think I'm gonna go to the Bahamas by
myself for the weekend and you said you
want me to go with you you know just me
and my girlfriend together
and we so stupid we start thinking about
all the pussy we can get while she gone
you gonna go by yourself yeah okay and
send your woman off to the romantic
Bahamas by herself by herself to the
Bahamas she's walking on the B she laid
out all day and got a tan the woman is
fine got a body lookin right she's
walking on the beach crying in the
Bahamas lovers on the beach making love
she's all by herself walking along
feeling sad thinking about you and
everybody's real romantic the motion the
ocean is shimmying off the moon is
shimmying off the ocean your woman
standing looking at it and crying and
all of a sudden a dude named Dexter
walks up Dexter Saint Jacques
walk up swinging his dick
any good at smooth bahama shit on your
woman what a beautiful girl like you
doing by yourself on the island alone
this is the identify lovers you should
be being held right now again what
you're crying boat I'm having some
problems with my boyfriend so I came
down here to think it over but you know
what Hotel at your mind standing me go
over there telling that you treat a
woman like you're like a princess a few
of my woman I make love to you
constantly what what that is my painting
yeah he's back in New York is that right
policeman girl won't you come back
around my place we sit down and talk it
over are we gonna do is talk
take your woman to his house and rolling
them big-ass Bahama joints shit this big
and shit but some of that Bob Marley
music on y'all know Bobby preaching
Michigan don't let him fool ya got out
of that nothing I even try to screw you
again
could this be now then be a fix wing
next thing you know next is fucking your
woman well
send your woman home floating on air
walk through the door this a shot
and we so stupid we think it was the
weather we go ahead baby need to get
away more often see that I did never
tell you there's a little secret all
women have skeleton in the closet all
women have done something that only them
and another person knows about all women
have one skill you lose sweet innocent
ones have something that only then
another person knows about all women
don't people I look at the guys look at
idea women again later
you guys go to do your closet I thought
I've seen the bone in your shoes Kelly
over there don't be fooled it all have
skeletons in the closet some of them got
cemeteries and they competition you over
there doing Ravens and shit flies so be
careful be careful get the perfect
person for you somebody gonna be with
forever and I have to worry about
breaking up lines might be perfect for
it I'm not saying that they're perfect
people I'm doing we ain't perfect find
somebody just as fucked up as you are
and settle down that's what you got a
deal that's if I had to get married I
got to marry somebody with personality
first I hate those quiet salad-eating
bitches those real quiet ones young you
know the kind of women you take him out
to Denny's hey what you want to eat ago
I just had a salad hey you hit a stomach
[Music]
you hungry bitch
once you have something neat what you
want to drink what what movie wants the
after you finish eat any one faith
Academy loving the PG I think in movie
there's my friend Bob and Karen what's
your problem
inoue-san sure ass away from me
I hate those shot bitches omitted make
me sick to my mother I hate shot
do you know those shy women those are
usually the ones who had the most
skeletons in their closet that's why
they shine now cuz they've been raised
in Hell only like not a shine think
about all them shy women that you meet
they never from the town you meet him in
they always from somewhere else and they
come to your town and get shine fuck out
in they afraid to talk or they think our
bone is gonna fly their mouth or some
shit
Sumida skeleton hate shower I like what
I like
extroverts oh hey I like one more to
send to you my like funny girls and
funny women the door gateways you gotta
be good looking through our fuck no
funny ugly bitches shit have me in the
bedroom
hey baby some more jokes please gotta be
a good cook
I didn't realize my mother was a good
cook after I moved out of house when
you're a child if your mother taking at
McDonald's you don't think she can cook
and I have one of those mothers you know
no matter what she wants she has the
ingredients at home you say mom oh stop
get some McDonald's she go I got
hamburger meat at home now McDonald's
hamburgers I'll make a hamburger better
than McDonald's McDonald's that's right
when you get home you can help mama make
it you said shit that rip that better
than McDonald's
you must say okay go if you have a big
black frying pan from under the stove so
you're handing a big black frying pan
and she said now white in there
I want you going refrigerator give me
the chopped meat and why you gonna get
me a green pepper and onion and you said
ain't no green peppers and McDonald's
I'm not making McDonald's I make your
mama's burger I need grief having an
onion white in there give me a gout to
what's your name show our hamburgers you
make a Ayman muffins I'm not making an
apron but I don't even know no damn a
grow up in there just give me the egg
I'll just shut them out as you take the
egg and the green peppers and chop the
green pepper and big chunks don't even
dice it big chunks the green peppers and
onion and mix the egg in and put paprika
in all this shit in and make a big
meatball and put it in Miller's frying
pan and McDonald's the meat of this
thing your mother's shoes like this
fabric green peppers hanging out of
hidden shit and in a big split in the
middle and grease is popping out and
you're looking at it while it's popping
looking at the grease in the pan you
think of yourself I don't look like no
McDonald's you must say go outside the
frigerator and give me a gift go inside
and get me the bread out the bread box
and you go look in the breadbox you say
my oh we don't had no hamburger buns all
we have is Wonder Bread that's what I
said get the bread out of the bread box
you gonna put it on glass one to plan
God and a British bridge gonna prove me
that beer if I slap you in your mouth
opens with the Wonder Bread mustard that
bread cause will tell me some shit about
Wonder Bread
this is wonder if amber gives the ham
burger as you make it and put it in the
middle of square Wonder Bread and
McDonald's they use buns the meat
calvess all bread hey your mother's the
meat right in the middle of the bread
we're grease running through the middle
making the bread stick to the plate now
big green peppers hanging out the top of
these big meatball on the bread and you
try to put some ketchup on it and it
mixed with the grease turn the bread
into pink dough
then you graduate and get fingerprinted
and you got big pink fingerprints in the
dough
and you stand there looking at it and
you try to make it look like McDonald's
so you rip the edges off around and make
it round and you got a green peppers and
grease running down your hand a motion
now go on outside and play and other
kids got McDonald's yes I go wait
[Music]
oh god no I gotta make done no you stand
there with this big house burger accuser
yeah when you get that big welfare green
pepper burger you cry my mother made and
long slob a little kids cry some long
slob come out their mouth and hang is
this far to the ground and it won't
break and adults stand around going
that's not gonna break any won't the
wind can blow the slob you know where
you can see kids praying I do it all the
time sadistic I like to go to the
supermarket and watch mothers lose it
and beat the shit out there
oh that's love you know why and dancing
love I have just got oh shit I bought a
party I would she
I went to a white disco recently and now
watch the white people dance yo ya'll
can't dance no I'm not being racist I
mean I mean it's just I saying black
people have big lips that's not racism
true we have big lips and white people
can't dance hey y'all be tryin y'all me
it really do y'all hit the or listen to
the words order beef for Shelby and I
really watching cook me I'm telling you
every time you see a black when you
haven't go to white club you there when
you in the white Clips you like five or
six brothers just and you're miles
nigger than here they watching y'all
dance look at these crazy motherfuckers
y'all got one dance y'all can do you
ever do this this shit like
but y'all do not move it's just y'all do
some shit like this you'd be fucked up
Oh
and wait'll you step on each other's
feet and brothers we go to disco get all
fucked up you're stepping into hitting
and brothers got some dance if you doing
some shit like this with a head some
shit like that the right people do that
they'll kill each other to me
alright let's stick with this I was in
the club man I I stopped trying
dancing luckily I just had a fight
recently and I said I ain't dancing I
went to club you getting a lot of people
get drunk go to club and stuff I had a
fight with a tallien dude right after
around time rocky came out Italian white
people period y'all go crazy after y'all
see a rocket move because you all
believe that shit cuz the movies are so
emotional and so really you sit there
and go like hey this is real yo and
Stallone have your white people come
specially Italians after Italian see
rocky they come out the movie theater be
like Italians it's funny people cuz they
act like niggas is real funny they do
they hold it dick more than us to be
stand around we get the fuck out in year
it's right here right what hey fuck you
all right everything is a question - hey
what am I an asshole put my fucking
check it up up out of here it's right
here ray
and they see rocky they come out to sit
in charge you'd be like all right
[Music]
[Music]
rokka rokka for people staying on Lana
shit hey Faiza you're going to see rocky
right now
yeah great fucking move you don't like
this way come just like I'm glad he
braces big fucking niggers face you bust
your fucking white oak fuckin Moonie ya
laying on the floor fucking man hey you
don't some at the end of the speech see
now just between you and I don't want to
ruin a surprise but sly when is this one
again you know some you know I like
about those movies the realism you know
cuz you know that's the way you got to
fuckin treat those fucking moolies they
think that they can form and push around
there's your big hotshot get the fuck
outta here my face with thank you that's
what I like about slight goes in and the
moolies of beating him any fucking oh
fucking garage that fucking going on he
comes and he crash the fucking moolies
hole like this she falls on the ground
that's round you know something you can
really do that you can really fucking do
that you see that fucking big moving out
stand over there you see that black guy
over there at the line getting some
candy yeah well right now he's about six
five on five to
ain't no big guy right but I'm a tiny
watch this you watch this right
hey excuse me brother let me have a box
of Juji fruits and we have some bonbons
I think I have some bonbons they're in
there let me have some Junior Mints and
you know the box jujyfruits in the
niggas gonna pay for it if you me
you are when I said movie pay for my
fucking candy
I'll kick your a oh you just saw Rocky
look little Italian white man
I enjoy Sylvester Stallone's movies too
but I'm getting brain ageism can i'ma go
see a movie with me for why don't you
just go hop in your ironical z/28 and
take your ass huh I'll kick your fucking
ass and then hit it rock your music hour
later where we live it's like I Megan
the big nigger named Abdul Azim wrapped
around his throat a box of Juji fruits
rammed up his ass he's not gonna make it
that's why I had a fight of faith would
attain those words why people factors
they don't know it especially around
rocky time cuz I was in a discotheque
talking to on Island disco talking to
Danny Theriot from dance fever don't ask
me why we they're kicking it and his
Italian dude is standing with his
girlfriend and his girlfriend is looking
at mere Danny and he tank I was met
Italians on Plato should you hear the
kind of city say that girl fit what the
fuck you looking over there for huh what
tell me that you're not look I just
fucking look I should sure you're
looking over there right what you've
been looking over they'll fucking man
all right
you look over they're gonna pick up a
glass and shove it in your fucking mouth
all right
you don't look over there no you shut up
you're making me look like I'm an
asshole over it but you should don't you
ever disrespect me don't try I shut up
on whoever it is I'll fucking kick your
ass inside what are you looking at
fucking dancing and mulling a Frisian
movie you know kick it slowly edge push
me now black people from New York have
this trick we use on white people that
works even if you can't fight you have
to act like you can fight because that
gets you out a lot of fights it works if
you have some problem two-month walk up
to way through tomorrow step on his foot
and he says hey you got a problem you go
yeah fuck I got a problem
I just want never fucking job to a white
man look just like you
goddamn bow step on some peach I feel
I've redeemed myself you got a pilot why
gotta go hey I didn't know about your
job and they leave and probably standing
like this house close I'm gonna fuck up
so I know you got to act like you can
fight first you do is you make your
voice go up an octave and act real
confusing mumsy go put your
motherfucking hand over get the fuck on
mind your motherfucking bitch I'll bust
your motherfucking ass but you never put
your motherfucking in shut the fuck up
man my good what the fuck is wrong with
you man you want some motherfucker
you want some to make a move it make a
move yeah you better walk away mother I
bust your pussy ass too you'll never put
your motherfuckin hands on me the fuck
is your problem what's your problem on
you got a problem promised cutting your
crown on the shutter your problem I'm
gonna sell your problem up up and if you
get like this come on
how a step
I was standing like this now there's a
command that's the way I like it I in
order to do cuz I could act like I can
fight good
you know I'm an actor I ain't no fad you
put me in the movie where I'm the star I
kick your ass
this is real shitty stomach come on
I was frozen man I'll stand there my ego
jumped out my body I said push many
faiths that dang punching nobody my ego
said give me a hand fuck that boy his
eye boy fell on the deck wholeness I was
all fucked up I look at my ego I say
what the fuck he goes if he's got an
image that whole look he kicked a dude's
ass man calm down her neck and I look to
do was laying there holding this I'm the
Eagles and I tell some shit nas people
know not to mess with you not like yeah
I'm tired of people messing with me tell
me somebody else move you're gonna kick
their there's somebody else move I'm
gonna kick dance
you can kind of rhyme with your name
that always scared YP prime your name
cuz I madness you mess with ed you'd be
dead
that's all right imagine worried about
you doing five years don't relax don't
worry about nothing be cool and nobody
go Moo now after seen you kick this
dude's ass there's relaxed and cool out
and I start cooling out maybe a drink I
could worry about nothing
every night he got a whip some eyes ass
let them know where you stand
I said yeah yeah yeah ain't she didn't
do brothers standing behind me he has
seen Rocky - he swung around my back and
punched me in the mouth real real hard
brother punch sit and my ego said dad I
don't know and my lip said hey fellas
[Music]
so I'm standing there with my lips
hanging down looking like JJ from good
times and shit I in order to do that
scream for security answer security
that's one of my boys jumped over the
table like Linc Hayes from the Mod Squad
I grabbed that boy boom boy hit the deck
before jumping something fucking his boy
he was kicking the booze - his brother
woke up jumped up my boy start kicking
my boy there then the brother to myself
the fighting back fight in the back and
all the people the bouncers came in the
back of the club was a white club and so
two niggas find two white guys first
thing he did was jump on the nigga yo
niggers have to learn to stop fucking up
up get me lunch in here nigga
there was restore laughing while we were
dancing we saw a black sir and then all
the brothers saw like 40 white guys
beating up to black I said he can't be
the brothers and they jump in the fight
then it would look like 40 white guys
fighting 40 black out of the big race
war and suntan lotion and jheri-curl
juices shooting all over the paper at
the end of fight everybody sued me
anybody know I whip their ass
I'm 510 165 pounds I can't whip a discos
ass by myself even people that didn't
fight soon people sit around and watch
their fight was in quarter no I didn't
actually fight but I was there watching
it was a disc attack and a strobe light
fell off the ceiling
creating a weird effect with the mirror
and I saw this in my eyes were sprained
the eyes and I need 12 million for my
sprained eyes brother sued me yo mana
brothers came out and sued I was eyeing
the brothers gonna sue me brothers sued
and the brothers going to get paid I
like brothers go see brother brother
like fuck damn getting paid motherfucker
and brothers went to court and got
educated on the judge all of a sudden it
was like you know you state your case I
guess your honor on even in question per
se Jana
[Music]
go check out your hours you shot a disk
or a cooler right I wind it with my girl
ear and my girls are aliens their own
evil Eddie Murphy so asking all gypsy
she runs away with their over the ashes
fuck that big nose motherfucker
I made my money just lying here right
your honor cuz I'll give a fuck I did or
nobody you know so your honor check it
out right what happened what happened
damn right I said yo what you want me go
over get the motherfucker on in the grab
I got the autograph for my girl walking
with a yo ed shiny shorty bread the ass
I ain't shine a motherfucking thick fuck
you and your ugly bitch they go at our
bullshit like that he's a big
motherfucker he ran over to my woman and
slap her in the face your honor then he
slapped me and my man in the face all
three of us like The Three Stooges your
honor 12 needing 12 I was disgusted
yeah Jana you have your shit
man I call my mother you know how you do
when you get depressed you call your
mother you get you a square person you
do is call home I call my mother's house
because you want here mother said it's
gonna be all right baby it's gonna be
okay ticket it's gonna be fine
you just come on home stop crack come on
to me okay and I cook you want a big old
hamburgers I even a before and you want
that big burger when you get a little
older I call a mother's house with a
Friday night your phone rang for a half
hour which meant my pops is home and on
the weekend my pops gets his drunk I was
praying he wouldn't answer telephone cuz
I'm standing there bleeding my lips are
swollen
keeping walking back on hey Jimmy walk
I'm going no I mad I just had a fight
I'm standing I'm praying my father would
answer the phone and I pictured this
going on while I'm standing a pops home
back this drunk it is my house
no yo letter gave a fuck no sucker hey
I'm junk Lill Lill
I'm junk you know sudden beautiful
good for them and my heart and my soul
I'm junk you know something fuck it come
on Jake something in my house fine
you're like it fuck out of my house now
patty build this motherfucker I wanted a
semi do something right now you go ask
this telephone do you have a phone
ringing that's the phone motherfucker
got that me no I'm the a/v shit I pay
the bills I'm answer phone true Who am I
Alexander Graham Bell up in this
motherfucker you better answer the
telephone you answer phone I'm gonna
fight slow are you guys
you're not Fassett okay fine don't touch
the phone no more oh okay just you can't
get up if you ask a phone bye bye you
can't touch your phone my phone fill it
in no more phone for you
your phone writes up your food cribbage
is the cutoff in fact I'm a writer down
and put it under situate that's the new
rules that's the new rules in the house
I'm gonna take the old rules off and put
new rules up is you gonna listen to me
goddamn my team do something you're
gonna put new Ruza
you're gonna put rules up this ruse up
rules rules one Lillian cannot use the
phone - Lillian cannot take you such a
smart motherfucker you can't go outside
anymore you cannot go outside ever again
now put the rules up lit your fire by my
rules are my regulations goddamn this
rules say no phone and no outside I'll
again fucker the most fun - pretty damn
if I come home and a fireman putting the
house up I say how you find out the
house is burning we got a call from your
wife
I kicked your motherfucking
getting the type of steak you're burning
up in this motherfucker
don't let it we're going you're not just
say you couldn't go no place
HIDA hey you're gonna go someone Oh
Linea you're not going and surely size
to take Akeno fuck Pokeno take your coat
off you know you can't go no because I
said so the rules say no outside I know
you want to leave that's my chant go you
better call and tell you not coming you
can't use my phone I don't know what you
better lift up the window and scream
your motherfucking head off there's
nothing I don't gives you not going no
place
you're not going no place no cuz I know
you want to leave that's why I know you
won't leave I know you won't leave I got
what his father gets drunk and sings on
Motown songs to you in his argument and
fucks up all the lyrics and think you
saying erratic or I'm not gonna need me
but I refuse to let you go didn't any
fuck up think you're saying it right if
I have to beg and please do the symphony
I know mad cuz it means that much to me
now go no pray you'd be right here this
motherfucker lil watching the ship
rolling then you watch them rolled away
again Lilian but I put the rules up for
Dinah Raza it's my house I gave him it's
a singing Spanish - today I'm Micha I
don't be Bucky