together
about time we do a special
[Music]
before I say anything else you guys a
big hand for my friend the man the myth
the legend
and the two guys you see standing right
next door to my oldest friends not only
their friends leave they work for me as
Ivan and Tony give Ivan and Tony a lot
of love in addition to that this is so
special you ladies and gentlemen handing
me the microphone
tonight is the NFL's coach of the year
and a former member of the baddest
football team to ever step on a field
the 1985 Chicago Bears
[Applause]
thank you
I got to do it one time dub bears
I am super excited you guys let me tell
you this is our 19th year coming to
Chicago okay nineteen years the first
time I came here I got a chance to meet
some people and they said you know what
gay bro have you ever been here have you
ever been to Chicago like an always my
first time I said well you know we'd
like to take you out to eat if you're
down and I'm like well you know I am
very doctor they took me to a restaurant
called Portillo's
[Applause]
so we get there and it was it was very
very good the hot dogs were delicious I
had a chicken chopped salad it was
amazing had a beef dip really really
good but it wasn't until the meal was
almost over that these new friends of
mine said we'd like for you to try
something you might not have ever had
before not even that's not likely what
does he want me to try and they said
well they sell a thing here at
Portillo's called a chocolate cake I
said you had me at chocolate
they said well you gotta go to the
special window and you got to order from
the ladies so I'm like okay cool so I
get up and I walk over to the lady and
she let me help you I say yes all my
friends are telling me that I need to
try this thing called a chocolate cake
shake okay what size would you like how
good is it you want too large
all right can I please have a large
chocolate cake shake and she turns
around she turns around and she walks
over to this little refrigerator that's
on the counter and she opens it up and
she pulls out a piece of chocolate cake
and I'm thinking to myself she must miss
understood what I said I didn't asked
for a piece of chocolate cake I asked
for a chocolate cake shake she must have
heard what I was thinking is she's
walking by and she's like
she walks over to the blender she takes
the freaking little and she just looks
at me and does this and I was like no
and she's like oh yeah he pours that he
she hands me this like 44-ounce
chocolate shake which is way more than
anybody should be drinking the strong
was so thick you could almost spit your
thumb in it okay so I grab the shake and
I begin to attempt to drink it so I'm
going and I can see the shit coming out
the boobs and in hit
hello you guys even have taco trucks
now for anyone wondering about taco
trucks let me just let you know right
now that is real good Mexican food I
don't want you being concerned like now
there's there's wheels under that
restaurant well sometimes we don't have
a permit okay so it doesn't mean the
food is not good for me to know that I'm
gonna have a good experience at a taco
truck
I always research and I look to see
who's running the truck for me to know
that I'm gonna have a good time I want
to make sure that it's an all-female
crew not to sound sexist the truck they
make me feel good about myself when I
walk up at one o'clock in the morning
and I have a buzz they make me feel good
hello they come to the window oh let me
go boys
[Applause]
now see when it's an all Mexican mail
crew running the truck it's late
they're tired they're bitter customer
service isn't our strongest point at one
o'clock in the morning and then you got
to deal with a drunk knucklehead like me
they come to the window
it's another skater greet your mother
what you want what do you want it was
not wrong okay I have a buckle okay what
else
listen that's not even a word
but you know exactly what he just told
you for some reason Mexican people and
only Mexican people have this sound that
comes out of us that can just discredit
anything you put in front of it it
doesn't matter what it is we can keep it
with that sound I just graduated from
college top of my class
final work at Burger King
the coffee this is my fiance he loves me
[Applause]
finally don't be a whore
and speaking of horse let me tell you
where they put us up at
that's a bad Segway no there's no whores
in this hotel listen I would like the
person you think that the motors for not
only making this special happen but for
taking really good care of us they put
us at a hotel that's right across the
street you guys and you know you know
you're in a good hotel when you get
inside of the elevator and it talks it's
one of those you know second floor third
floor come like man she sounds hot
fourth floor hey by the way you guys
since the last time we were here I've
had a few things change in my life some
things happen that were so crazy that I
couldn't even believe that it was a
possibility first thing that happened
was I had my first ever celebrity death
hoax meaning that someone faked my death
on the internet and it went viral
someone wrote an amazing article that
was read by over 30 million people that
was so good even I was like oh my god I
was so nice
TMZ reported it for 30 minutes until
they call my publicist and confirmed
that I was still alive
the article said that I had died October
31st from complications of type 2
diabetes and in my head I'm thinking to
myself that's a hell of a day to kill a
diabetic SAN on Christmas Eve 30 million
people read this article no one thought
to call me except my daddy my ravine was
the only one that called me and I think
that was just to verify that he still
had employment I got that phone call
hello my thing was like hey you did nah
man I'm I'm good
I figured you would have text me and I
thought it cuz that's the kind of friend
I have you know I even asked my son
Frankie I said Frankie did you hear I
died that's what they man
I thought what do you mean that's what
they meant well my friends were asking
if you were okay would you talk I hadn't
see you so well apparently I died
welcome back and that's another thing
that's changed you guys my son Frankie
is now 18 years old and one week away
from graduation you guys are clapping
but he's not leaving what do you want to
do with your life mm-hmm have you
thought about college just now am i
drinking you do realize that all you
need to do is get accepted I tell a lot
of jokes I will pay for your entire
college education no matter where you
want to go as long as you get accepted
what do you think about that mmm go to
school in California we'll make it
happen you want to go to school out of
state we'll make it happen I said hell
I'll even do one of those international
programs you know the ones will you give
them one of your children and then they
give you one of their children what does
it call a new kid swap thank you sorry
exchange some of you are like that's
called human trafficking
[Applause]
different program I would love to do an
exchange program with my son but don't
give me a regular kid if I'm gonna do an
exchange program
give me a kid from like a hardcore
third-world country so that he
appreciates all the basic things most
American children take for granted
that's why I say give me little combo to
give me combo - I would love to go to
and towboats would love me mr. fluffy
yes number two I was wondering what time
do we go to sleep you go to sleep
whenever you like
this is your room we sleep next door oh
yes all of this is for tobu - in my
village
- family sleep in an area this be well
here in America one big-ass Mexican kid
sleeps right here inside and then I
would take him to like IHOP or Denny's
and let him order whatever he wants and
just watch him lose it for you please
tell me anything can you help me take
out the trash for you I will eat the
trash
meanwhile my sons on the other side of
the world on top of an elephant trying
to get Wi-Fi I love my son very much you
guys and just that sometimes he doesn't
get the position he's in he doesn't
realize it which is why I love it
whenever he brings his friends over he
brings his friends over the house and
they're constantly saying what I'm
saying and as a parent anytime you tell
your kids something that's one thing
when you can get their friends to say
what you say you can't pay for that and
they're always doing it you'll drink you
you're lucky man that's trying to help
you go to college my dad wants me to get
a job Frank if you're lucky man your
desk trying to give you a car
my dad doesn't even trust me to walk
you're lucky man and I hear this and I'm
like because he my son is very numb to
this situation
he's very numb to all of you and he's
very numb too fluffy okay he doesn't see
fluffy he sees dad clean your room take
a shower and put on deodorant which he
does very well now
but you guys saw what I had to do to
make that happen see his friends on the
other hand they still get excited when
they see me they still geeked out I walk
into the living room they're all sitting
there Frankie sees me very good
his friends see me they see this
would like doves you imagine if every
time you walked into a room that
happened he's here
[Music]
ladies imagine if your partner could do
that for you huh it's your anniversary a
celebration some magical moment or
you're just laying there in you're drunk
and you're just like what are you gonna
do to me
[Music]
one extra tub
and by the way guys if you're ever able
to pull off the doves just leave it at
that
don't try to top the doves it's very
hard to top the doves don't start
running your mouth and top and smack
like your she's laying there and don't
start you know you don't even know
what's gonna happen you don't even
understand you're gonna get it don't do
that cuz ladies all you have to do is
look at him and go
I expect my son's friends so my son has
these two friends had come over the
house all the time one friend his name
is Ken works a lot with computers the
other friend his name is Fabian he wants
to be a police officer both of these
kids are really really good now I keep
calling everyone kids even though
they're all 18 but to me their kids I'm
almost 40 I'm like yeah yeah like some
of the conversations that we have are
very adult-like and the other
conversations I'm like what am i doing
with my life for example at home at home
when I'm hanging out I usually just wear
you know very similar to now except
Hawaiian string isn't it wear like a
t-shirt that has like either Star Wars
or Marvel Comics or transformers honor
of cartoons and I like wearing stuff
like that along the hall one day I'm
wearing a t-shirt that has the Avengers
on the front and I walk into the living
room and my son's friend Fabian sees me
wearing this shirt and so he starts
pointing and I'm like what's up dude it
was and then he says he sees better what
did you say he's better I'm like DC's
will pay you know Obama lives there they
pass laws it's not even a real state I
don't know why you're getting Craig
Craig who's Nabu DC Comics and I'm like
hey man I'm almost 40 I don't care it's
just a really cool shirt I like it it
fits that's cuz they are I but you need
to relax who the best but you need to
chill and in my head I'm like why am I
having this conversation
I have better things to do with my time
like trying to get my son on an elephant
but the kid amis like why are they the
best and then he points at the shirt
again ironman sucks
Batman's number one I go why cuz he is
like oh that's not an argument
first of all Batman's not the best
superhero I hate to break it to you he's
not already given a boo like oh no
fluffy don't go there don't go there
fluffy don't do it yes I'm gonna do this
watch this Batman's not the best
superhero Batman is the creepiest
superhero Batman is the creepiest
superhero that has ever lived he even
sounds creepy you don't recognize that
voice what's up Andy hello he only comes
out at night his face is always covered
up he's always waiting in alleys and who
does he talk to a guy named Joker a guy
named Riddler his name is Batman Joker
Riddler Batman Joker Riddler Batman
those are Mexican gang member names can
you imagine a fellas Batman's real
identity at night during the day the
best base for my t-shirt my t-shirt says
Marvel comics I said I see four I see
Captain America I see Iron Man for some
of the superheroes that DC Comics has
that makes them better than Marvel go
Batman you said that Superman that's a
good one
Wonder Woman okay Green Lantern
I said I know the other superheroes but
Green Lantern
what's his power it wears ring and the
ring gives them power so that's a
fantasy I don't know any man who wears a
ring who has power
and if you're not clapping right now my
point exactly
you can't clap Peggy you can't you know
why you can't pop cuz you're sitting
next to kryptonite
[Applause]
he's not even clapping he's like going
on
I'm a pickup Wonder Woman no no listen
you guys I'm not gonna lie sometimes
sometimes I feel just a pinch a pinch
like the superhero in the sense that I'm
able to walk out in front of large
groups of people change people's moods
make people smile make people laugh make
people feel a little bit better
superhero I have my weaknesses too you
know I come out here and I make you
happy and then I go home and I piss off
one person if she don't want to hear
about this she doesn't want to hear
about you guys I can't go home and brag
baby it was crazy in Chicago that's nice
did of the trash but they were clapping
and chanting my name
[Applause]
but they told me they love me
[Applause]
Oh
you guys have any idea hardest you know
beat up all home and take out the trash
thank you this is awesome I hear
something to you guys okay Larry that's
a big compliment by the way any time I
hear people in the in the arena and
they're freaking around that lets me
know I'm making you laugh so much your
own body is rejecting the activity that
you're participating in your own lungs
are telling you this is not good for you
you need to leave but you're stubborn
you're like no they take it what's
expensive that's usually for guys from
women it's a little bit different
anytime I hear women laughing so much
that they begin to snort laughing that
tells me I'm making you laugh so much
I'm causing you to inhale and exhale at
the same time forcing you to make that
and if I hear a woman snort more than
two times that tells me I made you pee
just a little
I love that burger pointing out the
whole time and she's like you asked for
thanks for having my back another thing
that I now consider a compliment is that
from time to time I have people who are
experiencing your first ever comedy
event and they're not accustomed to
laughing for long periods of time and
they get so excited and so involved with
the show that they forget they forget to
do a very basic thing go breathing you'd
be amazed how many times I've seen this
in the front row and they pass the hell
out the best part is only I can see
what's happening and they're usually
like you know fluffy do something what
you can do something
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
he woke up thank you
I had a lady one time up in the balcony
who laughed herself unconscious as she
went forward and she wound up hitting
her head on the rail that was in the eye
now I couldn't see this because I'm on
stage and I had spotlights in my face
and it wasn't until after the show was
over when my thinking about got on stage
and he took the microphone then he tells
me in my ear bro some lady just got hurt
in the balcony the paramedics are here
they have written the lobby let's go
check on him let's go so we go behind
the curtain security is waiting for us
with the park so we jump in the car to
the front of the building now as soon as
we get to the front we see an ambulance
we start walking in and now not to take
anything away from this serious moment
because this really did happen it's a
little bit funny in the sense that my
show just finished and people are now
starting to leave the building they just
saw me on stage a minute ago and now
they see me walking in the front door
you gotta see it through my eyes you
know
he's fast I come in and immediately I
cut right to where the lady and the
paramedics are sitting on the steps
leading to the balcony
now the lobby is starting to fill up
with people and I'm trying to get from
point A to point B without getting
stopped so I started doing this and I
know it's gonna look a little weird but
it worked
are you okay are you all right
people see me doing this and immediately
do their like puzzle the way you look
them around they looked at me like that
and they they did this what the hell's
he doing
it made everybody take two steps back
and like this it created a hole for me
to get to them and then they see the
paramedics and they realize what I was
trying to do everything was flying until
I got really close and then one of the
paramedics calls me out what are you
doing the lady at a listen sir the woman
obviously sustained a head injury and
I'm just giving her a chance to process
the fact that it's really me and I'm
slowly getting closer to her I realize
now that I'm in this incredible position
where I can no longer walk up from
behind someone at one of my shows angle
so finally the lady looks up she must
have been 5560 little Asian woman she
sees me and she's like you too funny
you almost kill me
I am so sorry
are you okay is there anything I could
do to make you feel better yes little
bit I would like a t-shirt and
immediately one of the paramedics hey
she hit her head she should be standing
I said listen I'm the artist performing
here tonight I accept full
responsibility over this woman I got her
it's cool plus she's tiny we're only
walking ten feet to the merchandise
table no big deal I said come on I got
you let's go as soon as we start walking
she starts venting mr. floody you have
no idea a kind of week I have my son
needs a girl she not cook no clean move
into my know I have to cook and clean
for two and some bullshit
and I'm like oh my god that's been
helping me
mr. fluffy I must apologize to you
because I do not know who you are until
today I have a friend who gives me a
ticket she sue see you stress so much
you need to get out husband win ticket
in the raffle only have a one ticket you
take it so I look at the ticket ticket
say does nothing I don't know what the
comedy show is because I never bought
comedy show
I see flossy I think it's a musical like
a cat's okay I go see slutty cats so I
come here early so I can get the popcorn
and the soda and so I sit and I wait for
fluffy cats next thing I know your
friend Marty he walked on stage with a
big air people tea I say oh ho ho these
mother cats it's not that this lion
thing
[Applause]
crack a joke shit I started then you
come out on a stage I cannot take I
could breathe I'd black out in when I
went up I have an ice pack on the head
blood in the eye and the two young white
paramedics they both touch me right here
they say are you okay are you okay are
you okay or develop or never better
never have a - young white man touch me
right here playing
your show like a make-a-wish if I have a
scar you're gonna sue me
no no no no no no no not going to sue if
I have a scar in the friends ask me hey
how you get a girl
now I have a great story to tell I'm
going to say mmm - white man same time
while a Mexican watch
[Applause]
I get her back to the paramedics the
paramedics elect she's a handful huh oh
yeah she likes you so you're going as
soon as I turn around all I see is a
lobby full of people and a bunch of cell
phones there's footage of what I just
told you out there everybody was
recording what happened what I thought
was cool is that everybody waited for me
to finish with the lady in the
paramedics and then all of a sudden when
I turned around people started coming up
some people wanted to shake my hand some
people wanted to high-five one guy one
guy just wanted to hug me and he didn't
say anything he just hugged me doesn't
are you okay
couple of kids are looking at me other
like because I recognized that twinkle
I've looked at someone like that before
I've been starstruck many many times as
a matter of fact this past year I got to
meet one of my childhood heroes I got to
meet Arnold Schwarzenegger now some of
your clapping some of your like wait
wait wait well here's the thing I didn't
love him as a politician and I was too
young to know him as a bodybuilder all I
knew is the movie Terminator was my
favorite movie and he was the Terminator
so here's the story I'm in LA at this
red-carpet event for some movie that I
still haven't seen I'm standing there
with my publicist okay
I'm standing there with my publicist and
she's she's explaining to me how the red
carpet works
listen Gabriel this is what's gonna
happen you're gonna go down the red
carpet and then the paparazzi is gonna
start taking photos of you and then
someone's gonna ask you some questions
it's a lot of fun then we'll go inside
and then we'll go to the after-party
it's gonna be great as she's telling me
this I'm looking around and I look over
and I notice I see him
I see all nigger and I freaked out relax
relax
I worked with him all the time he's
really nice um would you like me to
introduce you oh she takes me by the
hand and she walks me directly to Arnold
I'm freaking out so bad I look like a
big-ass toddler Snickers area and he's
Arnold Schwarzenegger he's already got a
big group of people around him waiting
to take a photo so I'm just patiently
waiting as I'm watching on you guys I
gotta tell you right now no one on this
planet is better at meeting people than
Arnold Schwarzenegger he is the greatest
people-meter I've ever witnessed and the
reason I say this is because when you
meet him he's very engaging he grabs her
hand he pulls you in he looks at you in
the eyes and he turns it on when you
meet Arnold you get exactly what you
think you're gonna get it's awesome to
watch excuse me how are you you so
strong you come by and this is you
people are walking away from him looking
at their hand
they're looking at 300 guys ten minutes
I'm watching Arnold Schwarzenegger light
people up and then I noticed something
else I noticed that Arnold has a handler
a guy who stands right behind him and
it's this guy's job to basically reset
Arnold for the next person he's about to
meet Arnold Schwarzenegger will never
cut off a conversation with the fan that
guy behind him listens in on the
conversation and he determines when
enough is enough and then he signals
Arnold to cut it off and move on
here's the signal he grabs the back of
Arnold's arm right there two times one
two that lets Arnold know cut it off
time to move on always to the left
awesome to watch this is incredible with
these lights in these special effects is
going on here excuse me how are you nice
to meet you useful strong so I yell out
to the handler ah and the handler turns
around hey I wanna meet up Hannah and he
starts laughing because now he sees that
I see how the Terminator is really
working so he gives me one of these you
know he is lighting Arnold Arnold and
I'm just waiting
and I stick my hand out any grab it how
are you Julie I recognize you I know who
you are you the comedian who does the
joke about the Indian man trying to rob
a bank but he cannot rob the bank
because they are making fun of him
[Applause]
outside I'm like you know me you are
hysterical give me your contact
information you are the funniest person
use me how are you nice to meet you
meeting Arnaud is like a really good
rollercoaster you want to go to the end
and meet them one more time you know and
people started recording him it for me
guys it's one of those things where I'm
finding myself in a very interesting
situation right now because I like
hanging out I like going out I've been
drunk in Chicago many many times here's
the problem I recently signed a contract
with ABC television in hopes of
producing my very own sitcom for TV it's
not a guarantee but I am guaranteed a
pilot here's the problem
ABC is owned by Disney Disney is such a
huge brand that any time someone
threatens the way you look at that brand
they are dealt with in a very unbusy
like way this sitcom that I'm producing
is about me I played myself I play WL
Iglesias it's about me my family my
friends my friend Martine
[Applause]
now put me take it up with the mouse
they looked at your social media they
look at all of your stuff that you have
online if there's anything about you
that doesn't fit that model they will
freaking in and I'm paranoid because
Disney so big they're so huge that on
television stations they own radio
stations they own Marvel Comics they own
Star Wars I don't need that phone call
you know hello mmm fucked up you did
I'm so freaking paranoid you guys
because nowadays people are always
recording if you do something that might
look stupid it can still end up turning
out even worse for example let's say I
fall off the stage tonight and someone's
recording that if TMZ gets a hold of
that it can go viral and God forbid
something happens to me it can make the
news we're standing here in front of the
Allstate Arena in Rosemont Illinois
where authorities believe fluffy lost
control was found dead for the second
time in two years no one knows exactly
what happened here tonight authorities
had this the same
[Applause]
that's why I'm saying you guys I've
gotta be careful because I still enjoy
my habits
I still like drinking and of course then
some people pull me aside and I say Oh
Gabriel why do you drink while you drink
you have so many responsibilities and
people you take care of why do you drink
because I have a lot of responsibilities
the people they take care of some of you
already know because you've been to my
shows in the past my poison of choice is
the keema anymore like I no longer mess
with yogurt see first of all any alcohol
that will make you say its name is not
safe that's the only alcohol that will
make you do that that's the only one you
hear people yoga anyone else you don't
hear Mexicans away you know you're black
people Tennessee player you'll hear
Japanese sake
Jagr is scary for a few reasons one I'm
type two diabetic I shouldn't even be
drinking but Jaeger has twice as much
sugar in it second thing is the
consistency it's very sticky it's like
cough syrup so if you drink too much of
it it holds all longer than anything
else and it's nasty when you drink if
you drink too much of it it holds on
longer than anything else you're what
I'm saying like if you have one too many
beers you know what happens you get that
and then you return it to the rightful
owner Jager makes you feel like you
gotta bring it back but you can't all it
does is make you dramatic for forty five
minutes until it lets go you see someone
like that are you okay I'm fine
they can't little up all they're doing
is six-minute abs yeah people look into
the next day are you into fitness no I'm
a drunk Jager scary another alcohol I
refuse to mess with anymore
is wine whooping Schaumburg
I don't know Schaumburg is the kind of a
Beverly Hills of the area so I'm sure
you figured that one out by now um my
issue with wine is very simple I don't
like the fact that wine is socially
accepted and what I mean by that is that
if you see someone with a bottle of wine
if you see a guy crossing the street
with a bottle of wine immediately he's
judged but in a positive way because
wine is always associated with something
high-class something positive something
progressive an anniversary celebration
of promotion so you try to figure it out
hey what do you think is going on over
there graduation promotion it's got to
be good hey good for you about a woman's
see a man with a bottle of wine holding
a couple of glasses and immediately
alcohol it will still mess you up the
main reason why I don't like wine is
because you cannot accurately measure
wine you can measure real liquor it's
called a shot and you know after
drinking enough times what you can
handle and what you can't handle because
people who drink a lot love to brag
about their drinking abilities they have
their drinking number right they have
their drinking number you'll hear eleven
shots of Don Julio Wow yeah
[Applause]
even women after four shots of Cuervo I
am so good or shots is my sweet spot
welcome to Peter five I'll wake up in an
alley
that's how I met Tyrone
[Applause]
see with wine you cannot accurately
measure how much you're drinking unless
you're basing it on the bottle and if
you're basing it on the bottle then
that's a whole different issue with wine
the glasses are always different sizes
sometimes they're big glasses sometimes
they're small glasses and a lot of times
you need to rely on someone to pour it
for you sometimes they know what they're
doing sometimes they don't sometimes
they fill it up too high which is not
the proper amount sometimes they get it
just right which is a little bit less
than half of the glass sometimes you get
that greedy bastard from all over you
know what I'm talking about you get that
little sample then you have to hold it
up in direct sunlight and do this when
you're drinking that's pretty good I got
a coupon for that here you go and you
never see wine drinkers drinking with
real drinkers and dive bars you might
see them out of social gathering like
this one or some corporate function but
never at a little hole in the wall
you'll never see in the middle oh I
enjoyed the call here this is amazing
this is bigoted I tell you what cuts
your grass I'm sorry that voice always
makes me laugh I like it it makes me
smile you know when we're here in
America whenever I travel and I perform
in England that voice takes on a
different meaning now I've heard of we
have people in the house from the UK all
right let me tell the rest of the people
about you
I love it whenever people from from the
UK come here to the United States
because when we hear you speak you sound
incredible you sound amazing you sound
educated you sound inspirational the
accent is so proper it is so proper it
doesn't matter what you're talking about
we're drawn
to whatever it is you could be talking
about trash it sounds amazing wouldn't
leave all this rubbish here this is such
a travesty it is always just destruction
hell over the sidewalk must end to the
set once this is ridiculous
before listening in I don't know what
happened over there but the shit hit the
fan that guy from angle it is yes I
don't know what the hell it's rubbish
see it's very different now when one of
us goes over there man it's very very
different because see we all sound the
same as them as a matter of fact as
Americans we we have a certain way with
the English language do you understand
how we sound to them and he seems they
do know how you know how they look at us
when they hear us speak we sound like
this to them
[Laughter]
you find the way if you sound like that
here tonight I'm just kidding you know
I'm gonna wait for his ass outside I see
huh frontiers but I guess the parking on
my ass I just think it's funny that no
matter what they talk about over there
they sound the same it sounds the same
you know where's with us Americans we
speak according to our environment we
change it up we morph we adapt we all
have our for example we all have our
trying to get a good job voice when you
walk in for that interview
you don't sound the way you sound on a
Saturday night when you're having a
couple of drinks no you clean it up you
practice in the car and when you walk in
you turn it up if you'll check my
references you'll see more than
qualified for this position please feel
free to call Frank Torres Frank will
tell you the amazing job I did for him
two and a half weeks ago
listen I'm ready to work seven days a
week 365 days a year
no job is too big no task it's too small
you can count on me I'm the right person
for the job please keep me in mind thank
you so much for your time and then you
get to the parking lot you guys know we
all have our daytime voice that we have
around our family and our friends and
our children you know and then we have
our late-night voice you know our party
voice and then if you're lucky enough
you have your Late Late Late night voice
this rule you don't even notice about
the
okay so you're looking at me like oh my
god fluffy the freak I'm just giving an
example all the kids are like oh this is
different
sorry but like see those kids and this
is like blue
that's like peachy fluffy but see now
over there they sound the same no matter
what they're doing when they apply for a
job if you shoot my references you will
see a more than qualified for this
position when they party if you'll put
me the wine I will drink it to this
brilliant I tell you when they're making
love I'm going to pop your legs like the
Red Sea oh I'm going to fire you in such
an amazing fashion you will rule the day
you came across that local pub to lower
my drawbridge and introduce you to the
Queen yes I shall and then you have at
that magical moment I wanted to scream
victory my job is done here
the only mess the part about that joke
is that that's the only joke the kids
remember every two weeks from now you're
trying to get in the room like why is
this door locked and then you hear I see
a couple of young adults right there how
old are you guys
yeah 13 Wow and next to you how old are
you you're 10 oh okay I am so sorry for
what might have been said
ten years old but you know what though I
can't I can't feel too bad because you
know what ten year olds are young adults
you are young adult I don't see you as a
kid a kid to me first of all is someone
who doesn't have access to the Internet
you have I'm sure a tablet or a cell
phone were access to online services
right services what the hell is he
talking about you've probably seen and
heard a few things already the parents
are going in and on my child no I lock
their phone yeah but you don't lock the
friend's home I feel bad whenever I say
something that that's kind of like a
risk a whenever parents bring like a
four-year-old five-year-old six-year-old
and yes it happens then I feel bad
because then I'll meet them off to the
show and I'm like I'm so sorry for what
you heard me say and it's always funny
to see the parents say all they hear
worse at home nothing like watching a
four-year-old confirm that you know dude
like for example my son he's 18 years
old but he still doesn't cuss at home
okay now whatever he does in public I
have no control over but at home he
knows he cannot cuss one time one time
in like 13 years I caught my son cussing
at home and I couldn't even get mad he'd
fallen down the stairs I don't mean to
laugh but think about it what am I gonna
do to him that's worse than what he just
did to himself I heard it too
I ran over I didn't even check his
safety I was like what did you say you
earned that one want to say the f-word
next time let me push you really I'll go
up here come on
oh cool welcome you guys I hope you have
a good time no you're getting nervous
dad you seem to talk again you like what
you tell them my son no nothing cool but
thank you for trusting me to bring your
kids to the show yeah you're done adults
sorry thank you for trusting me to bring
your young folks to the show and by the
way I know I keep pointing at people in
the front right here if you're here
tonight with someone you have no
business being here with and you see a
camera coming back just be like a eggs
[Applause]
they're very respectful they'll go to
the next person don't even worry about
that before I forget you guys I would
like to thank the Allstate Arena for
providing some amazing accommodations
backstage for the simple fact that it
has basic things that I really like like
light switches
a lot of these arenas are now starting
to go green and so they're taking away
the light switches and the replacing
them with sensors sensors are cool when
they work you know what I mean like when
you're 10 feet away and it senses you in
the whole Lynch's room what I would like
is that when they're messed up then you
have to walk into a dark ass room and
establish your presence but then you
stand still for four seconds now
in addition backstage my sink has knobs
on it I have control of the temperature
and the pressure of the water which in
the Chicago area I believe is very
important especially in the winter you
guys are no joke in the winter you need
warm water when you wash your hands you
can't rely on a sensor that gives you
nothing but cold water because you wash
your hands with cold water your hands
get all cryptic then you go outside and
people are making fun of you look at
thriller my dressing on you guys has a
sink that has hot and cold you can
control the water you can control the
temperature you can control the pressure
I hate it when they take that away from
us and they replace it with that little
sensor so now in addition to being a
comedian now I got to be a magician I'm
not a magician but if you watch me wash
my hands that's what I look like
you know nothing then you walk away
I feel like there's someone behind them
here messing with me like watch this
some places stop there some places keep
going I like a lot of soap when I wash
my hands I like a good soap dispenser I
like the you know the pump but I hate it
when they take that away from us and
then they replace it with that little
spout that goes next to the faucet you
stick your hand under it and it gives
you that little booger of soap you don't
I mean that little buckle you put it
under you know you need more so you pull
it out and then you go back in but the
censors like no it's still you now you
got a cricket right once you get enough
soap on your hands and I got to try to
wash it off but you can't wash it off
then and there because the timer for the
water has timed out so now you have to
back up you have to put on a second
performance now it's a race to get that
soap off your hands once you get the
soap off your hands and I got to try to
dry your hands some places will give you
a towel some places to view paper towels
some take the paper towels and they put
them in a box on the wall with another
sensor and there you are
three inches of paper 3 inches Chicago
you can't do anything with three inches
ask any woman they'll tell you or a guy
on the cool opportunity I need control
of the paper
I need the crank
some places stop there some places keep
going have you ever walked into the
bathroom stall closed the door locked it
turned around looked at the toilet and
seen a blinking red light on the wall I
think like really here to all you're
trying to do is get the tissue paper off
the wall for the toilet seat you take
one step I haven't even done anything
you grab the paper
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you turn around and you put it on like a
cape
and you let it slide down your back
while you're slowly trying to time it
just right and just as you're about to
sit down somebody always walks into the
bathroom and distracts you and unless
you do CrossFit you're not coming back
you get her ass touches the seat and
you're like ah just when you think you
can't get any worse
all this water splashing up hitting you
right in the ass
and then the water goes down the drain
and it creeps that air vortex that goes
right between your legs so now you have
a tsunami in the back you have a tornado
in the fuck and who's the victim we got
you and he's holding on for dear life
you haven't even made magic yet you've
already been violated by plumbing now
you do what you need to do you finish
now it's time for cleanup time for
maintenance so you reach over for the
toilet paper and the problem of using
the restroom nowadays is that most
venues including this one instead of
putting a human sized toilet paper roll
inside of the human sized toilet paper
roll dispenser it take there is the
Costco or Sam's Club or one of these
places where you buy in bulk and they
buy that giant gorilla roll of toilet
paper and then they come back here and
they force it into that little tiny
compartment and then they close the door
on it
so now this giant wheel is locked in
place you can't even spin it you're just
you can't even find where it starts
because they glue it
and if desperation you gotta fill out
your car keys and cut it to the side of
it like a bag of cocaine on medical shoe
and you get the paper you try to wipe a
year from now a year from now I am
predicting that they're gonna take 100%
control of the restroom you're gonna be
sitting there and you're gonna think of
me because you're gonna see it
you're gonna look over to get the toilet
paper and there's gonna be a blinking
red light on it you're gonna be like oh
my god fluffy called in and what are you
gonna have to do one sheet you're gonna
get frustrated and just sit on it is it
sorry bro I know that was a lot of gue
no I caught you right there she's like
it's like Magic Mike
and so far that was a lot
you guys I understand I understand why
they do this to our restrooms why they
put sensors in places because their
channels save energy
they're trying to save water I live in
California we need water okay we do but
some places need sensors some places
don't some places are good at teaching
us how to conserve energy and conserve
water some places are horrible at it
like the hotel that we're staying at
they have a very basic thing that they
do they have a little cardboard sign
that hangs on the towel rack in the
bathroom all it says is please help save
water by reusing your towel and on the
back it has a diagram and it shows you
the millions of gallons of water that
are saved every year when people reuse
their cup I reuse them at home I got no
problem doing that at the hotel it's my
towel some people don't want to reuse
their towels they're like that towels
dirty well if that tells dirty then you
suck at showers because theoretically
that white towel should be white every
single time you use it but no people
have to roll it up an Engel expert mode
with it
and now you waste more water trying to
get that out like I said some places are
good at teaching us how to save energy
save water some places are horrible at
it I was at a university not so long ago
very close to here and this university
has a lot of money so much so that they
have their own private police department
that's on campus it's only for the
campus now that's not a big deal there's
a lot of colleges that have their own on
campus police the difference is this
College somehow or another wound up
giving the police department Priuses to
use for their patrol cars now some of
you already know the university now look
this is not even a joke
my thing is that if you're an officer of
the law it's your job to fight crime the
first thing that people see when you
arrive on a scene is your mode of
transportation
your vehicle needs to establish
dominance of the situation before you
set one foot outside in California over
65% of California Highway Patrol
officers now drive SUVs so when you get
stopped over there you feel it you're
intimidated by it and people jump out on
the freeway don't know imagine getting
stopped by
[Music]
don't let me get stopped by a cop in a
Prius with attitude stop you cuz I let
you imagine the first time they did a
DUI stop the cop probably didn't even
get out of the car he just stayed on the
radio sir step out your vehicle right
now okay okay is that a priest I must be
drunk
sir walk the line okay all right all
right I was there yeah if I gotta go to
jail can you call a real cop car to pick
me up
stuffiness mortars walk the line okay
real quick real quick look Li hey charge
my phone that's it you're going to jail
oh man
yes sir
I love you too bro gimme cake sugar free
thank you I gotta be careful I'm gonna
slip right there it's like I'll catch
you you'll catch me you'll catch me and
you'll catch me a new captain it's like
SeaWorld without the water
I gotta start being careful you guys
because I'm noticing now after six
specials that a lot of my material a lot
of my stories are starting to come back
to haunt me
some of them in good ways some of them
not so good for example in 1997 on TV
one time one time I said I love
chocolate cake one time nineteen years
later people are still bringing me
chocolate cakes that is crazy I mean
think about that 19 years ago and I'm
still getting kicked I've only said it
one time next thing you know I talked
about how much you love diet sodas next
thing you know people started bringing
me diet sodas and the following special
aloha fluffy I started talking about how
my son's growing a little bit older and
the hormones are kicking in and he
needed to use deodorant next thing you
know his friends started bringing
builder and people started bringing
deodorant to my shelves for me to get to
my son and that same special aloha
fluffy I told a story a story that went
viral called the racist gift basket
story 15 minutes long okay I'm gonna
give you the three-minute version of
that story so you understand what's
going on basically my Tina and I are
doing this show in Sacramento California
we're driving from LA to Sacramento
we're passing the most small town called
Fresno as we're passing through Fresno
we reach out to the local promoter who
does the shows there were good friends
with him and he tells us you know
because we're trying to have lunch and
goes he's busy but by the way he Riley's
in town and we're like oh sure our
friend jeer at he's in town he's at the
hotel alright he's at the hotel we knew
exactly where he was that
so I say might've been how about we go
and visit gee my thing was let's stop by
I figured first let's go pick up some
sodas some drinks so we can surprise him
so we get to the market as soon as we
walk in the door we see a whole pile of
gift baskets Maya thing goes we should
get him a gift basket
I said Malik Benjy Riley doesn't like
gift baskets okay he doesn't like the
fancy wine and the fancy cheese in the
sausage he
finnaly hates crackers you don't even
know why that's so funny but anyways
this mother theme he doesn't know we're
coming let's have a little fun with him
how about we make him a racist gift
basket and my thing goes what's that I
go you know how to be no racist gift
basket a gift basket design to have fun
with whatever race you're trying to mess
with now in Gees case he's black it was
easy now I say easy not to be an ass I
say easy because there's so many
stereotypes attached to African
Americans so we have this empty gift
basket
what are we put in it but fried chicken
watermelon kool-aid grape soda
barbecued potato chips sunflower seeds
an ebony magazine a Chris Rock DVD
called bigger and blacker Magnum condoms
Newport cigarettes a rack of ribs the
recipe for cornbread we put everything
about a white girl with a big ass in the
past we took it to the hotel we had the
girl at the front desk deliver it to his
room might have Dean and I are waiting
in the hallway where he can't see us
so she knocks on the door she Riley
opens a door she gives him a gift basket
he says thank you closes the door might
Athena and I run over the door and we
started listening to him opening up the
gift basket as he's opening it he's
getting excited and he is enjoying every
single thing he is pulling out of that
basket he is loving this basket until he
realizes it's a practical joke and then
he freaks out because he read the
greeting card the greeting card freaked
them out because now he thinks that the
KKK sent the gift basket now some of
you're like why does he think that cuz
that's what we wrote
if you're gonna do a practical joke
people Baker you go home is what I'm
trying to say so he freaks out and he
tries to run out of a hotel room as soon
as it gets in the hallway he sees my
Dafina and I laughing and he puts two
and two together
so then he cusses us out he forgives us
gives us a hug high-five we go back in
his room and then I eat his chicken what
winds up happening is that story goes
crazy on Comedy Central
people are giving him a hard time so
they pull it next thing you know I
upload it through YouTube YouTube ten
million views it gets on YouTube then
they flag it because the word racist is
on the title so it gets pulled off so
then I reloaded it gets another ten
million then I had people share it all
in all the videos probably gotten about
a little over a hundred million views so
here's what happened
just like the chocolate cakes
the diet soda and the deodorant before
you know it people started bringing me
Mexican racist gift baskets
now when it first started happening
listen guys I'm not gonna lie it was
actually kind of cute because it was
only other Mexicans bringing me these
quote-unquote Mexican racist gift
baskets
it started in LA after a show this one
guy walks up to me with the basket and
he's like it was sup homie got two races
gift basket I said we're the same race
whatever alright whatever I take it
backstage and all the items in the
basket made it to my house
that was a Mexican blanket with a tiger
on it bunch of bottles of vodka bottles
of sangria
he sent the Fed none to see these
Mexican candy bundles of sweet bread
myself on is everything made it to my
house now
the more East Coast we started traveling
and the more down south we started
performing the more creative
the gift baskets started getting fast
forward to Mobile Alabama oh it gets
good earlier tonight before we kick off
this special my friend lot of thing was
out here making a couple of
announcements one of the announcements
that he made was if you brought a gift
please hold on to it until after the
show don't bring it to the stage it
could interrupt the flow of the
performance the only reason why he makes
this announcement every single night is
because of one show and mobile so here's
what happens I tell the entire racist
gift basket story the full 16 minutes
right as soon as I finish a guy from the
back of the theater rushes the front of
the stage now keep in mind this area is
full and mobile the aisle was right up
the middle so the guy had a clean shot
to me he hauled ass like it was the
prices right all the way down much like
tonight there was security there that
night security sees the guy with the
basket but no one thought to stop him
that's pretty so the guy makes it all
the way to the front he takes the gift
basket and he puts it on the stage now
he's heckling me from where you're
sitting I'm standing here and he's like
hey for you thank you open it I go so
we're kind of in the middle of a show
right now I says I appreciate the gift
that's very nice of you I says but how
about this I'll open it after the show
oh come on fluffy I want to see your
face sir how about this how I can take
the gift basket and you bring it over
here to the side of the stage where
Security's at and I'll have security
escort you behind the curtain and then
I'll open it up backstage with you and
enemy how's that and he's not taking no
for an answer
now the problem is the crowd just saw me
tell the racist gift baskets for you and
all of a sudden there's a guy with a
gift basket they have no idea I'm not
affiliated with freaking duck dynasty in
the front row
so now I'm trying to defuse a situation
before it gets crazy but he's not taking
no for an answer
next thing you know he does something no
other audience member has ever done in
my 19 plus years as a comedian he takes
the whole crowd away from me
flips him and then uses them on me in
five seconds it was the most amazing
horrific thing I have ever witnessed
this is all he did we wanted to see your
face we want to see we want to see if he
gets 2,000 people behind him to start
chanting it was very evident this was
not the first rally he's ever led the
crowd is so loud I can no longer hear
myself over the monitor so I'm like I
lost so I get on my hands and knees I
put the microphone down I grab the gift
basket and I start tearing it open I
reach in forget about pulling out
Mexican soda Mexican candy or a Mexican
blanket this dude was a pro I started
pulling out gardening tools
I'm pulling out a rag up toys shovel of
toy leaf blower dig deeper got to dig
deeper a lot of soccer ball I'll go do
it it's this Puerto Rico they ran out of
Mexico I pull out a brick but what's the
brick for the wall I pull out an actual
application for US citizenship I said
there's no way this can get any worse de
de fer I was wrong I pull out an
old-school box of Crayola Crayons you
know the 64 pack that has a sharpener in
the back okay there's a window on the
front of the Kranz so you can see all of
the colors that are in the box all of
the crayons in the Box are brown except
for one white cran right in the middle
and I said what the hell is that
supposed to mean
and he looks at me and he says welcome
to my world
whoo crowd is laughing so hard I don't
have a joke that's gonna follow that so
I made it seem like that was the end of
my performance I picked up the gift
basket I said thank you mobile and I
gave the guy a dirty look
I go behind the curtain but Athena's
waiting behind the curtain and other
things like bro you can hold it out
there I mean they weren't laughing at my
jokes
what were they laughing at and I showed
him the application and he's like so I
walk you to the dressing room you guys
and I'm pissed man I walk in I close the
door put the basket down I'm scratching
my head I'm trying to think what could I
have done to have prevented that from
getting to where it went so I'm like
okay should I've grabbed the gift basket
moved it out of the way should have had
security grab the guy should have had
security got the gift basket and a guy
every idea that I'm coming up with is
ending worse
finally I accept it I jump in the shower
I get out I get dressed security shows
up is it releases yeah ready yeah yeah
you get a second I grab my backpack I
put on my backpack I walk over to the
door open up the door let's go
he sees the gift basket on the chair and
he's trying to be nice I'll get that for
you sir
never know what you might need an
application
so now he's escorting me out the back
door of the theater into an empty
parking lot on our way to the tour bus
that's at the very end of the parking
lot four minutes all of a sudden I hear
this is hot colleagues I believe so
serving it's the guy that gave me the
gift basket and now he's standing next
to the tour bus so there's no way I'm
gonna get past them so so we stopped
walking
Security's like would you like me to
call for backup no no you'd only to call
for backup he's not gonna hurt me it's
just he get really weird so I pull out
myself
and I'm trying to text my feet oh my god
and I'm like thinking oh he's not
replying the guy gets tired of waiting
next to the bus so now he's walking
towards me but he's doing it in a really
weird way he's walking towards me like
I'm a dangerous animal okay
he's doing this nothing
love it I'm not gonna do anything and he
walks over and he's just ranting all
right look here fluff stir first and
foremost let me just tell you something
right now
I've been watching your comedy for about
seven years now my favorite joke that
you tell is when you give that gift
basket to your color friend g-man first
time I heard you tell that joke really
hard but I couldn't write because I was
at a bar sitting next to black people
and you can't talk in front of black
people because they get all uppity start
to the civil rights and Rosa Parks and
shit like that
it's too soon to laugh you know what I'm
saying anyway I left my happy ass home
and I got on the internet and I googled
racist gift basket here joke came up and
man I had and I says you know I love
fluff his sense of humor he likes to
push the envelope with his friends and
he doesn't allow political correctness
to interfere with a good friendship at
the end of the day you're still friends
you still love each other you still
respect one another I said hey if the
fluffs forever shows us that's here in
Mobile be first in line to get you one
of them tickets and you can't drop
telling my friends let's go let's go see
the buster I said but first I bet you
anything he'd appreciate it if somebody
were to get in one of them gift basket
like he got gee except we got you the
UPS basket UPS basket yeah what can
Brown do for you
the problem is you didn't laugh you got
offended and I didn't want you to get
offended flustered I wanted you to laugh
but the problem is is that you know I
didn't need you thinking that mobile was
a horrible place and we were horrible
people we were just trying to have a
little fun with you the same way you had
fun with your buddy Jeep we work very
hard here for two plus hours a week
myself and the amount of money and time
that we put into that gift basket is
only because we love you hey you have
any idea how long I was on a goddamn
internet time to find an application for
US citizenship in English are you ain't
got time for that the bottom line is I'm
sorry for interfering with your
performance it'll never happen again
I just wanted to say I'm sorry and
hopefully allow me to take a picture
with you I'm sorry and I was like oh my
god I'm a dick I said listen sir you
don't have to apologize I should
apologize I didn't handle the situation
the right way but you got to look at it
through my eyes I've never had anyone
take an entire crowd away from me that
was pretty good huh will you listen
guess that was pretty good look I'm very
sorry that I got upset first time that
happens I won't let that happen again
you don't have to apologize I will be
more than happy to take a picture with
him now see now say that's what I'll say
right there that's what I'm saying right
there all my friends are like the hell
with that Boehner I said no now that
Boehner is good people
and then he pulled out his camera right
and he tries to hand this disposable
funsaver camera to this 19 year old
security guard who's never handled that
level of technology he puts a gift
basket down we had on the camera he's
looking for an app he's looking for a
screen meanwhile the guy wants to pose
with his arm over my shoulders he's a
little shorter than me so I got to do
this one right here okay he's got me in
this headlock and he just starts talking
look here fluff shit let me just tell
you something right now I really
appreciate what you do I'm gonna
continue to pray for you your family
your friends and your success because
what you do was a godsend
it really is and these times you make
people smile you make people laugh
we need more of that in our lives look
I'm not trying to blow smoke up your
butt but look I don't have children but
if I ever had one of my own I'd hope
you'd have your spirit god bless you
listen thank you thank you
hey buddy listen if there's anything I
can do oh no don't don't do that don't
do that don't do that don't say what you
don't mean let's just take a picture
don't say what you don't mean if you
don't mean it if there's anything I can
do please let me know hold up the
application