I love it when it's hot but not too hot
year I'm talking about agent no idea
what you're saying I'm going to totally
get it but not do I but I don't think
what it's called need you but not you
cold no but if it's too cold then it's
like fur
[Music]
I can talk about whether what the weird
thing for being a girl is even if you
live in cold weather no matter how much
you're used to dealing with cold weather
girls always have an issue with deciding
what outer layer we should wear we
always defer to the guy like bad do
jacket jacket the short one
a long one you're not looking okay
that's your jacket for that are we going
to go jacket try to it show you a jacket
will you plug here low for like two
seconds thing check it hey do it guys
your jacket a jacket should just do like
fourth guards and no pants
in counterintuitive go jacket jacket
jacket jacket
finally warmers like yeah we're gonna
fucking jacket you're like I don't want
to bring a chain yeah why not when I
hear ya girls hate the idea of carrying
a jacket it's feel heavy the female body
is capable of carrying a human being for
nine months but apparently a lightweight
jacket stuffed with feathers is where we
draw the line you bring it jacket and
your 20s you never bring a jacket
/ you never brought a jacket some of you
are in your 20s so remember like
yesterday your twenties you never
brought a jacket right because you're
invincible like a little stupid boy
you're like I don't need one and that's
why it's so funny for those that are
over 30 for those of us like watch 20
year olds it like - I have like
breathing the cold shivering
doing this shit with their dresses like
flying it down all those shoes cracking
under the pressure and expressible cuz
now you're not wearing a dress is a cute
doc mercy cuz you always rationalize it
you're like it's not that far from the
car to the bar and your 20s you want to
risk that I see walk for the glory of
not having to wear a jacket you have no
problem with that you want
not every girl makes it I've lost many a
hot amber to that walk you're walking
you're like where's amber Amber's frozen
let go order a lemon drop a toast to my
memories it's the worst when you're cold
you can't find your car if you're with a
group of girls you have to resign
yourself to the fact that you're
probably not going to find your car
there's something even if you're a
brilliant woman there's something the
genetic makeup of women that disables us
from remembering where the cars parked
it's very rare that a woman parts the
car and is like okay I'm in spot 4f let
me remember that let me be responsible
for my choices of his life something
disengages it takes over and we're just
like buh missus
[Music]
and then we just like wake up in a
Sephora always bring at least one guy
there's something in a male makeup that
men can always find the car they throw
down bread crumbs Hansel and Gretel
style maybe it's pride maybe they got a
tracking device in their junk I don't
know II think you may not even find your
car you will find you a car and you're
gonna guys I'll tell you a secret
as girl we don't want to look for the
car boring
if I do a scan and I don't see it I mean
like someone stole it
that's always the go-to know it
sometimes will act like we're stressed
even if we're not that's our go-to women
have been told that they're
feeble-minded for so many years once in
a while we'll play into it to our
advantage
you know where their car is okay and
czarina way your van
shruts ideas and working like ten hours
a week nothing
there's the car Thank You officer you
found it take your jacket girls always
defer to the guy when it comes to
weather questions every girl's done this
where you wake up in the morning first
thing in the morning right next to your
husband your boyfriend or whatever Dairy
Queen manager tinder has set you up with
[Music]
8 a.m. first thing out of your mouth you
like babe is it cool dancing and your
boyfriend like wants to be there for you
he's like I don't know cause I'm his
hide
chili chili girls hate being cold we
hate it
girls don't like to be chilly guys don't
let your date get cold we're not happy
when we're cold
oh she's cold career babe you got golden
girl want to warm you up don't fucking
touch me now what I want now what I want
girls don't want to have sex when
they're cold I'm cold I want to be
miserable in my life I never liked oh my
god I'm so cold
I just wish I had somebody to fuck no
get horny when we get cold
girls get cold it sends a message to our
brain you're cold time to go home time
to hibernate time to watch a show on TLC
about a 600-pound woman eating herself
to death that's all we want to do Oh
don't let your day get cold we're not
happy when we're cold you'll notice the
body language for I'm cold and fucking
pissed at you it's the same body
language
girls are like being cold
but we love cold weather that's girl
logic for you like everything's a
contradiction wrapped in about it's
pretty glitter the same thought process
that's like I'm gonna wear tight pants
but don't you look at my butt like it's
that thing
I am so cold I'm sweating it is freezing
hot in here I don't know I don't know
how I feel all girls love fall I don't
know if you know that all girls are
required to love fall yeah required when
your clinic when we applied to be girls
went to the girl counter and they hold
your girl card up and they go what's
your favorite season and you go boom
motherfucker and I like alright here's
your girl car here's your uggs here's
your glitter go have fun be insecure
[Music]
girls love fall so much I've been
planning this fall since July a bunch of
like two years ago we fucking get into
fall you have to tell girls 1 it's fall
we know we sense it we get into it the
second it turns fall the second a leaf
falls somewhere like Connecticut we feel
it sit at home watching TV outside the
temperature drops from like 86 to 63 we
pop out of the ground like Gophers we
sense that fall is here watching TV fall
comes we're just like did you feel that
I did it was a great fuck yeah cinnamon
nutmeg cloves
[Music]
keep all good
let's plant fall shit you over your
boyfriend you crack your boyfriend by
the teeth let's go we're doing bullshit
we're going apple picking bit
there's no apple orchards in Los Angeles
Bynum go to the grocery store to throw
apples of children something
we go on Pinterest we start pinning fall
ideas leave that's a fun thing we like
to fuck with every year the leaves
change color and we lose our shit next
week a were green and now round the not
brown they're fucking yet you sicko
they're fucking dead and you're doing
crash with her corpses you have you no
respect for nature that was a living
thing you monster we talked about it
what are you gonna do with your dead
leaves I'm going to make a pile on the
front lawn so the kids can play in the
death what are you gonna do with your
dead leaves I'm going to make a wreath
on the front door as a warning to other
deadlies not to fuck with me you eat a
leaf again
ping-ping-ping we love Pinterest all
girls love Pinterest and girls yeah
Pinterest porn for white women we love
it we love planning things I'm cannot of
girls plan their weddings on Pinterest
one of my girlfriends got married on
Valentine's Day and joking I was like oh
my god that's so fun what was your theme
dead serious she was like we did like
one boy under the stars under the sea
okay it's a wedding not a prom tell you
what Denver if and when I get married
I'm gonna get married the day after
Valentine's Day and my theme is going to
be 75% off chocolate guys anything
either engaged just know that your
fiance has already planned your entire
wedding on Pinterest okay she's planned
your wedding future vacations your
fucking funeral man it's on headdress
and we don't do it when you're looking
no because if you saw how creepy we got
with Pinterest you wouldn't have us we
do it under the cloak of night we wait
we get a pumpkin spice latte and we go
in we log onto Pinterest gentlemen just
you know Pinterest for girls is like
Call of Duty for guys I got a fucking
headset on talking shit to 14 year olds
in Michigan first-person pinning
pictures of Channing Tatum like heat fun
pigment in pinhead we get into it you
getting these like creative downward
spirals and just like pinning pinning am
I looking at porn it'd make a good pin
I'm not even sure if there's more
natural waterbirth why am I getting that
pin pin pin pin pin looking outside six
hours seven hours 24 hours later you
open the mini blanket it's sunny outside
keep spinning for the glory give me here
I want to show you what I'm getting for
my wedding our wedding you come in here
wanna show you have all these funny
ideas I think we should do a chocolate
waterfall but a bit of chocolate we
should do bridesmaids tears I think it's
fair no fair wanna show this you can
come in here Brian Ryan gives a shit
what your name is I'm getting married
you're legit I like this do you like the
pink napkins or the redneck
[Music]
you know what the thief jiffy okay you
know what the theme should be that your
mom's a bitch I want it do it anyway
because I love you so much and it's
gonna be from me on all these ideas we
should do a swan yeah we should do a
duck no we should do a swan made of
doves big we you Google Human Centipede
but for doves and see if we can sew them
together
ATM style yes I know it ATM as a senior
porn I love you anyway I'm going to
million dude dumb jumped it I'm getting
married before my sister Joe this year
and I want yes I'm wearing a diaper I'm
not getting up I wonder showzen gonna be
amazing in a day then then sick sick
sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick
sick sick sick sick sick sick
[Music]
the cold
girls get cold easily because we're not
allowed to eat as much as we want in one
sitting trying to get another girl to
admit that she's hungry between two
girls it's like a standoff you can't
admit you're hungry that's admitting
weakness it's admitting defeat
are you hungry me neither
so I mean okay nope I ate last week
I could do this all day I'm chewing on
my tongue feels good enough I'm fine
eventually one usually the smaller one
will concede oh if your I'll go with you
if you're hungry I'll go with you I'll
go with you subtext I'll watch you get
fat like a knight whatever you get on
have a babe easy I eat everything except
for nothing so
ain't nothing except for everything I'll
go with you I don't understand what I'm
saying either I'll go with you huh but I
am so fucking hungry please let's go
have a bite hey you want to get tapas
girl always throws tapas out there do
you want to do topic what are they
they're small plate you do like 5 to 10
per person it runs you about 100 bucks
each totally worth it now girls love
anything as long as it's small not
filling expensive we would eat diamonds
if we could their topic a small plane
it's Spanish what Spanish it's like
they're Spanish not like the low country
below the United States the different
Spanish it's got like a fucked up I
don't understand it I went to Spain for
two days when I was 16 so home culture
don't get it there's small plate let you
know
they're small they're so small it's like
a frisbee for a rat like small plates
like a monocle for an amiibo like just
like really small one time I ate the
plate on accident that was pretty
horrific small plate I think it's an
absolute joke I don't want to eat tapas
I don't like anything about it comes to
on a wooden block or you're eating your
lunch at Home Depot some guy in the back
with his bare hands balls up some ham in
the corner and that throws some shards
of mention goat cheese and some
haphazard drizzle of honey see you can
eat like an Andalusian farmer taking a
motherfucking lunch break in a field in
1830 for like a hundred bucks cool
[Music]
softly and then your one friend always
gets annoyed when you don't want her
suggestion
you don't want tapas I am sorry I'm just
trying to like accommodate the group
plus guys will never get topless that's
a girl food to only girl yelling at
houses never do they look bro
we're Gotama go up to fantasy draft you
wanna do tapas
now we'll go get one meatball was put
over Thor through his no homo why you
don't like my suggestion what do you
want to get do you want to do a
flatbread you want to do a platform what
is it if I guess ain't crust pizza but
like annoying it's always the one girl
in the group that suggests the flatbread
right do you guys want to do for the
everyone you're under a flatbread she's
the one suggesting it she's the one that
got everyone together she's the one that
printed the Groupon
her name is usually something like
Amanda you want five right do you do
you're not eating
you don't you button you're not doing
Gary you don't do fun really think
that's weird we're in public okay do you
want you all a part ask her did she want
flatbread I can't my phone's dead I
can't text her
after if she wants up do you want
sovereign I'm asking if you wanna do you
want why I've asked cinnamon with a why
she wants flat rub and then tell
cinnamon with a que that her name is not
phonetically sound okay and then anew
the ordering I'm going to do it hi
we're in a rush because we're entitled
we're doing one flatbread for the 40 of
us yeah she's not eating she's gonna
have a bike she doesn't do dairy she
doesn't do gluten she doesn't know what
gluten is but she feels like she doesn't
do it this weekend and we're gonna do
what do you guys want to drink no don't
order your own let's just get one what
you to do a trough of white wine yeah
and then how do you want to drink it no
you're being annoying job you don't need
a glass no we don't need glasses we're
just going to drink it with our hands
what do you guys want to get on it
let's just get lecture let's just go
crazy let's do half goat cheese half air
thank you
went on a date recently I made a real
effort in my 30s I'm 31 made a real
effort to try to date normal guys
because when you're in your 20s you can
date whoever you want cuz you'll live
forever and you're hot you're in your
20s right you're like what you want to
go out we're both carbon-based let's do
it and it's like fine try to make some
responsible choices in my 30s recently I
went out with someone based solely on
the way he was dressed he was an
accountant but okay okay I'll carry the
conversation that's fine
[Music]
get a plaid shirt tucked into khakis
okay all right
little nerdling that's okay cellphone
and a holster on his hip dad style to
the dads in the audience and
subsequently watching this what text is
coming in so fast you have to have your
hand ready okay Corral style and then
what are you sending out so fast that
it's rendering your cellular device
smoking and you've got a holster it but
the point is he was dressed responsibly
news dressed non-threatening dressed
nice like an adult and I knew I had to
respond in kind I couldn't dress like a
19 year old lesbian hot topic manager I
get it made a real effort folks i'ma
tell you right now I made a real effort
ask my girlfriends that are like in
their mid-30s they've been dating a
while they're very mature right what
should I wear you need to get like a
silk blouse
so just rat and then just cover that
shit up and just like tuck it in blouse
it out silk blouse I'm here to say right
now
I reject a silk blouse fuck yourself
blouse okay yes just because you're not
20 doesn't mean you have to be ashamed
of your body I don't need to wear a tent
over it okay there burkas for American
women I said it and I meant it
alright repress it they're ugly they're
hot they're shapeless and if you wear an
underwire bra under your silk blouse and
you sweat through it it's gonna look
like a face with his eyes closed fuck
itself Laos what about one anyway I feel
like whatever which one nice store made
a real effort I went to ignored strim I
asked the salesgirl she was like 19 and
just like hot I was like I need a silk
blouse she was like laughs that's line
it was white it had black splotches all
over it and she was like if abstract I
was like yeah like a Rorschach test but
less interesting she's like I don't get
it I'm like cuz you work here okay
[Music]
now it's like a fun pattern I'm like
that's a cow print like 100% it's black
splotches I'm going to make a model for
Gateway printers I'm not wearing that
because here's the fact with prints like
that is a cow print you can't wear it if
you're normal girl if you're a model you
can wear something stupid and look hot
if you're a male you can wear a blouse
ikaw print be like fuck yeah no mother
fucker got dicks utters
normal girl wearing a cow pattern if you
tuck in a blouse ikaw you're just gonna
trick a cow that a gastric bypass
surgery just like lousy tucked in blowsy
cows oh I got it
there's an blouse ikaw blouse it out and
then I bought pants that were very tight
you're going on a date you want to wear
tight pants the tighter the pant the
more effort it shows you've put into it
okay
not unlike Chinese foot binding you want
your pants so tight that they form your
muscles and bones into this kind of like
palsy effect okay you want to have shoes
that are so high the heel is so high
that you are literally cantilever off
the edge and it forms a dainty hump in
the back then like this trust me men
love a good hump okay like this you're
ready so you've got Blasi Cal palsy
pants and you want your shoes to be so
high that you can't run from your rapist
if you want so super high clouds account
palsy pants and I was ready for the date
we went on our date already I brought a
special bag there's a special bag that
women are required to carry on a first
date it's called a clutch small mouse
purse
a clutch for those of you that don't
know is neither synonym for the word
cool nor does it have to do with a car a
clutch is a tiny purse that women carry
on a first date and the reason we carry
it is because we can't carry a big bag
because men don't like big bags first of
all it's not attractive you can't show
up to a guy's house okay great for our
first date Steve well I just brought my
bag right here we've got a car no fancy
dinner another yep I brought ya hot
plate we can just plug it in right here
we can do it off a lawn less you're
ashamed of me yeah you got an external
power source maybe a generator I call my
Jenny it's a little joke wicket
do you want beans do you like beans
Steve I brought means I don't think it
can't opener I got this shit
me
we carry the little bag because men
don't like big bags men don't like big
bags because big bags scare men you show
up on a first date with a big bag guys
first thought as fuck she's trying to
move in that's the first topic and men
don't like surprises they're already
like weirded out by women in general
they don't like they don't know what's
in that bag you can have guns in that
bag medication what's in the bag what's
in the bag what's in the bag
tampon alimony papers Gwyneth Paltrow's
head what's in the bag I have a lot of
problems in here a medication in there
restraining order taking around a lot of
that garbage with you that's why it's
called baggage so we carry a little tiny
clutch carrying a tiny bag to fool you
we want you to think that all this
perfection comes from the contents of
this tiny rat purse right just a couple
of things every girl's told that lie
when you first meet someone takes me
like 10 minutes to get ready so 10
minutes to get ready as you're telling a
lie you can feel that in 10 minutes I
promise I'm telling the truth fine and
no woman in this room has ever closed a
clutch on the first try
because you're like it was really hard
getting here yes the first drive you
guys when women pack for a first date we
don't pack for the date we're going to
have we pack for the date we want to
have imaginations take over I should
bring a lipgloss I should bring one
lipgloss but I would agree to sunsets
because we're gonna watch the sunset
from the Yelp do it also bring my
triple-a card in case his Porsche break
down here look poor what if he's like a
secret millionaire and he like wants to
make sure the leg I love him for him and
like not his money because he'd had like
problems with other girls in the past
like wanting him for his money and like
she didn't know like their love with
pure and he like wants to test me which
like I won't pretend that like you have
to test me but he does because I really
like money but I'm going to pretend not
a big deal and like maybe he liked the
print like a small recently liberated
country that like I don't care about
because I don't watch the news that I
should pretend that like I really care
about him so I should plan for this date
to be amazing so I should bring a
passport case we go to dinner in Paris
[Music]
get it on the bag right you start to zip
it you cutting your teeth a zipper like
fucking cones
feed you get it like halfway zipped you
can't go on a date with a bag zip
halfway that's ratchet so what do you do
you take everything out all your
accessories you lay them all out right
it's not you got to make some cuts so
sorry ladies are all very valuable as
the team not everyone can make varsity
and rather than get rid of anything
right what do you do at least once you
make an attempt to put everything back
in the bag but slowly thinking if you're
somehow purposeful in your actions you
will sneak up on the bag and it won't
know that it's full and you get it down
to like one thing and then you snap
you're like fuck it everything goes in
Luna bars Activia of dad issues
[Music]
so I went to a bar and we're sitting
there and we sit down and he ordered one
drink the whole night here's my problem
with that it was a Friday night and I'm
a lady I want a party but I'm a lady so
if you only have one drink
that means I'm only going to have one
drink and if I only have one drink how
the hell am I supposed to want to touch
you later okay thank you for being
honest do the math on that one
accountants yeah
anyone that's not laughing that you're
lying to yourself
that's what alcohol is for loosen
yourself up a little bit make some
choices you wouldn't normally make
whatever I have some wine it's okay
that's what it's for otherwise why
wasted calories let's all just have a
glass of warm milk and punch ourselves
in the face he didn't even get alcohol
he had like a beer look at up here and
he in like taking a sip of his I was
done with my vodka soda I thought we
were having a race
sipping on his beer I'm down to the eyes
and my drag tonguing like a dog on a hot
day I'm running into the bathroom taking
shots of scope from the attendant tryna
get like a prison buzz intruders
alcohol's I'm holding my breath trying
to just get some kind of hi I brought
them with it wasn't necessarily that he
only had one drink my problem with it
really was that I had a problem with it
I'm 31 so I should have been mature
about it and had I been dating more in
my 30s I think I would have been okay
with that situation my friends that are
in their mid thirties that have dated a
lot of normal guys they'd be okay with
that drink and I wish that I was I I
wish I could have normal girl thoughts I
wish I'd sit there and have the drink
and have normal girl thoughts like this
one drink is really nice and so grateful
this is great he seems like a really
sweet guy he's got really nice eyes I
wonder what they look like in a jar like
but I'm still of the mindset that when I
get a drink in me it sends a message to
my brain that it's good time all right
I'm 31 I'm not 90 it was a Friday not a
Tuesday during high tea let's make some
fucking mistakes that's what it's about
[Music]
I feel like a lot of people are wired
this way I get a sip of liquor it sends
a message to my party goblin but it's
time to do it everybody's got a party
goblin some people have party goblins
that have lost their ability to walk
from partying too much
my party goblin sleeps on a bunk bed she
seems on the top bunk make dignity
sleeps on the bottom bunk he is not
invited the second I taste liquor it
wakes her up she smells in my brain she
said in a dreaming of eating frozen
pizza cuz she's a monster yeah yeah
vodka jealous she goes to the megaphone
that controls my actions we've all had
party Goblin control our actions Beauty
to rage find the dork I asked if he has
drugs do not specify see what he comes
up with
go jump on top of that table
start dancing there is no music I will
provide the music you look so pretty
jump off that table run outside push
that cop see if he finds it adorable ask
if you can touch his gun the answers
always no go on
go over to that CVS by the dairy aisle
grab some whipped cream do some whippits
it might kill you it's fucking worth it
go outside take a picture put it on
Instagram take you down ten minutes
later Chris moved we could see your
dimple
[Applause]
so we left the bar right supervised off
of our drink and he drove me home so now
we're in front of my house okay so we're
sitting in his car in front of my house
so this is where it just takes place
this is where a first kiss takes place
now as a girl you know when you put out
the vibe that you want to kiss all night
okay men and women are wired differently
for the guy
men are put on the bus all the time
right now a lot of vibes all the time
god I hope she sees my wiener that's
what the vibe is ever-present with guys
you watch it what's up you want this
yeah anyone anyone nope little bit what
you're calling the cops okay
you want Facebook for girls were very
specific about we put out the butt kicks
throwing that shit around be specific
about it every girl's got things that
she does to brought the body maybe touch
your hair a little bit maybe you show
off part of your body ever goes got that
one body part she knows is better than
any other girl here
maybe it's your form maybe all night
you're like that you wanna it's weird
okay when a girl knows that a guy is a
little vulnerable and into her we become
like an evil witch and enchanted for us
and the guy becomes like the lost
aunjanue we know let's say your
girlfriend just broke up with you let's
say you were cheated on you're a little
wounded we we appear I don't know where
you're sitting there look on who but
find a girl we out of know or just like
Hello
what yes I used to work in a pharmacy
[Music]
whoa new life for myself we start saying
things to you to lure you in like new
this way sports I love sports this way
this way come this way oh yes what a
relationship not me no I just want to
talk in perpetuity until you grow tired
of me this way yes your ex-girlfriend oh
she sounds like a bitch but I would love
to fight with my shirt off this way
[Music]
this way to my gingerbread house yes yes
coming nibble on the walls imagine what
that yes it's a metaphor for my vagina
you're very clever whose way is way
[Music]
said all the right things tell the right
things I knew we were going to have a
Malchus now for the guy he has to decide
how he wants to kiss the girl now that's
a tough role it's just for guys to
design okay you have to decide how
you're going to kiss a girl because if
it gives you're too soft you look like a
big old plus and if he kiss her too hard
charges will be filed
she's you be careful now in this
interaction the girl also has her part
to play there are only three places you
can look when you're sitting in the
passenger side of a vehicle only one of
which is truly acceptable okay you
cannot look right at him that's too much
eye contact he might take it as a threat
he might bite your neck we don't know
what hold it okay we don't know plus
it's creepy he's sitting there like do I
kisses girl I don't know when you're
just like
you can't stare out your passenger side
window because that's not enough I
contact and you'll look what touched in
the head okay
he's sitting there looking at you like
to a kiss this girl and you're just like
[Music]
sidenote ladies if his window does this
do not date him okay
so the girl only has one option and that
is to sort of look down and stare at her
hands and all the sudden become
fascinated with her cuticle situation
welcome even used to have feathers that
is so weird
and sort of monitor the impending kiss
out of your periphery and when he gets
about half way you strike teeth first so
you know that he knows you mean business
[Music]
it's just like two guys I think I'm
talking about okay so I was all set
glassy cow palsy pan my arm creepy which
like I was all set
I knew we were going to have a mouth
kiss and apparently he had a different
plan
he had a cheek Peck planned I did not
see that coming
so now I'm going to show you what
happens when a cheat pack meets the
intention of a mouth kiss this is me and
he this is him sitting here oh my god no
[Music]
[Music]
let's see the slow-motion replay
[Music]
[Applause]
so embarrassing
it was so embarrassing a it was sexual
rejection like in the weirdest form I
don't even remember how I got in my
house I just know that I ended up there
what I think happened is that my
embarrassment materialize until like a
magician smoke bomb and I was just like
this never happened and I was gone so
now I'm inside my house now we've all
had this happen where it was like 10:30
so we've had this happen where you come
home earlier on a weekend then you
thought you would you're all planning to
go out and you come away earlier it's a
very weird feeling now for guys they
want to go back out right work it back
out there all right go team get back out
there because you want to get drunk and
meet chicks for girls it's a different
motivation we want to go back out
because I don't want to waste an outfit
try to contact your friends here's the
problem there's something energy-wise
that makes it very difficult when you're
sober to go back out and rejoin your
drunk friends
you ever try getting like a location
from your drunk friends it's like it's
like texting with a housecat and they
send you the weirdest stuff you what
happen they don't really care if they
see you because they went out together
you were selfish you went rogue you went
off on a date
selfish going to go find love your
friends form little little mini mob and
they band together they formed a phalanx
and they were like let's find dudes and
they went out together you had your fun
they don't care if they see you they
send you back weird seemingly innocuous
texts like we don't know the name of the
bar we don't know how long we'll be here
we're in outer space
[Music]
after like 20 minutes of trying you kind
of resign yourself to the fact that
you're gonna be home right so what's the
first step in deciding you're going to
be home you take off you're going out
clothes is so plows on I didn't know how
to care for it I didn't know what to
feed it I didn't know it's the fanciest
materials like the caviar of the
material family I didn't know I stood by
open French windows for ten minutes
waiting for blue birds to come and
undress me put it off but on my at home
clothes what are at home clothes girls
know what at home clothes are clothes
you put on when no one else is around
super gross all the guys you're like
what I've been with my girl we're by
ourselves she's super cute yeah no we
don't do that we don't wear roll-down
boxers in socks up to here because
you're kind of a pedophile in pigtails
but like I think we don't do that we're
by ourselves what girls do more by
ourselves we dig deep into the trunk of
like old t-shirts you pull out your
t-shirt from middle school right it's
got paint on it got your Abercrombie
varsity athletic pants are like 1997
stripes on I mean put those on right
sweatshirts got holes in it pants have
holes have under eyes holes in it socks
have holes in them why are there holes
in your clothes because tears corrode
and you wander listlessly through your
house you look home let's put your rent
at home so that doesn't make sense just
kind of right you wander from room to
room you have no agenda you're just kind
of like not ready to go to bed yet you
go to a room where the lights off you
flip it on like 1% of you is expecting
there to be like a serial killer no one
fall off you live he's there you're done
for cuz you're not here you're at home
clothes nothing can't defend yourself
back off you wander to the kitchen not
really hungry you don't really make a
meal for yourself do you just kind of
like stick your hand deep in a bag of
deli turkey right couple crackers maybe
like two starbursts for dessert staring
at nothing maybe you have a show on the
background on maybe Frasier's on
hypothetically me every night I don't
know any longer
Tamara eating you start saying weird
things to your dog like one day you'll
be my wife
I'm sitting there doing this phone
buzzes it's a text message who's it from
the accountant what does it say if you
can ask me out again if you like me what
they're gonna say hey Liza had a great
time tonight would love to have kissed
you but I have to be up early I don't
even know how to answer that like a
human you sent me a text that is untaxed
bacca ball its first of all what do you
mean yet to get who you making out with
Wolverines that your legs are just a
mobile the next day you send me
something that stupid I'm not giving you
the dignity of a normal text back you're
not even getting a regular not even
getting back a regular emoji there's no
Winky bass
there's no sad face I'm going deep into
that emoji Bank and I am pulling out
fried shrimp
[Music]
I think with lottery about the whole
thing is it was sexual rejection no
matter how you slice it and a body
because I wasn't saying let's get
married let's make plans to meet my mom
it was a kiss and so even though you
denied the kiss it's still denying me
sexually which is very uncomfortable for
girls we're not used to that again guys
get sexually rejected as it's part of
being a guy you want it no okay anyone
else one over here take over here Peters
over there one two children right here
what if they they do soon to the seven
in the corner with low standards
it was a mouth kiss and you rejecting
that is the equivalent of you be like
hey Eliza you see this nothing for you
let's talk about this for a second cause
every girl seen as I talked about this
on my last special every girl seen a guy
do this
so I've done some thinking on the topic
of this and I want to let you girls know
cuz girls got a fellow like that so
browse why are you doing that at a
family picnic
what are you doing girls I want to give
you some peace of mind and let you know
that it actually has nothing to do with
you you would be doing this whether you
were there or not
take it as exile take as a complement
whatever you want I don't have an issue
that guys do is my issue is that there's
no reciprocation on the female end
gentleman you'd be very upset if you
look laying in bed ready to have sex
games on pause ready to go and your
girlfriend came out of the bathroom
adjusted t-shirt no bottoms hey Dad
and she just did some sort of like weird
vaginal puppetry
[Music]
hashtag vaginal puppetry be very upset
if she just came out to say
if there are any guys you're not
laughing that's how we feel about that
[Music]
it would disrupt the entire cycle of
human procreation men would cease having
sexes women they'd be super gross out
they moved to the woods they take
raccoons as wives like we would just be
horrible and I think what's weird about
it is as a girl you are open to the
threat of a guy doing this at any point
if you're dating a guy you could do it a
weekend a year in ten years in it it
could be fat in the bedroom in a concert
the produce aisle this could happen at
any minute and that fear is ever-present
in your mind so I think if men and women
are to ever be fair and equal guys
should have an inherent fear of rectum
edge hashtag doctor badge
don't like them so I have a plan tonight
we strike
[Music]
every guy in here on a date is like
Jesus fuck why don't we buy tickets with
us oh they were free still
here's what's gonna happen here's my
plan okay
tonight my boyfriend is sleeping let me
take it back I'm gonna get a boyfriend
[Music]
wait till he's sleeping okay sneak up in
there and you when you do this you're
going to do it right pinkie swear when
you do it you want to make sure that
he's in REM sleep it's the deepest most
luxurious sleep okay REM sleep you need
to check to see that he's in REM sleep
how do you make sure someone's in REM
sleep it's very easy you open their eye
[Music]
while they're asleep you produce there's
someone while they're sleeping
fuck you guys I'm not the only one
that's done this
and you say things am like I love you
loop back and forth if you love me to
make sure you were sleeping so he's
leaving I've established and I go into
the other room and I would pin for a
little bit ping dipping and then I would
go and I would take out my Raptor claw
okay
and I would sharpen my nails down not to
a point that was sharp enough that you
could like stab a meerkat and eat it if
you wanted to but you want like a
rounded point so the pressure will be
localized okay like an apex of sorts
okay
rounded Wiligut poses a raptor you know
like once you get a manicure she'd be
like make it lovely so I'd make it
lovely and achieve it for my own
protection when I going and I descend
upon the sleeping boyfriend and I would
apply the Raptor claw to his cheek and I
would gently stroke not enough to awaken
but merely to stir
okay why am i doing that I'll tell you
what I'm doing is introducing external
stimuli into his land of number who
talks like that
majority external stimuli Indian
subconscious thus permeating his dreams
okay so whatever he's doing is dream
he's going to feel this and somewhere in
the back of his brain he's gonna be like
oh shit Raptor dredge doing this lets
him know it's not it's not like when
you're having a dream and let's say
you're talking like a model and your
alarm clock goes off she's like another
reason I don't like to wear underwear
equivalent of that okay so I would do
this so in his dream leg you would feel
the point he would know and then so he's
like he's still sleeping but he's
feeling this and then for the final
stage sneak up to him and I would sound
the Raptor mating call resonate all
throughout the Land of Nod and he would
know and he's sitting there his dream
delivering his naked High School
commencement speech whatever dream he's
having you would hear the Raptor mating
colony be like oh fuck Mama's here he
would know so I get in his ear and I do
the Raptor mating call right before I
striked okay I stroked I strike
I stripped okay good
get Nazir Raptor mating call and he
would
[Music]
forget jacket screws are weird we do
weird things but we're cute that's okay
for us do crazy things our own brand of
crazy guys do crazy things too like rape
and war they do their own kind of crazy
things girls have a more insidious kind
of crazy sometimes we'll start a fight
with you just to see if we can make it
look like you started the fight we have
to do it three times here we lose our
standing in the club every girl's done
that just to see how strong your powers
are and I want to fight with you stop it
I don't want to fight with you I didn't
start this you started this you started
acting weird I don't want to fight with
you should I do anything here we'll turn
around we'll talk to a fake jury I don't
what is it
I don't want to fight with you this is
on you okay I'm useful you being a good
guy I don't even you're being ok so how
do you do you're like yelling stop it I
don't want a night with you put in your
girl head you're like I want to fight
with you I woke up feeling chubby this
morning and that is somehow your fault
get in the Octagon we do all kinds of
head games go hang out with your friend
that's fine
do it go hang out with your friends I
dare you
hey you made plans with me that's fun go
go hang on your friends that's why I
want you to be happy do it go hang out
with your friends there are no friends
only Zuul
[Music]
look I'm sure being a guy has its
difficulties I haven't been one in a
while so I don't really know what that's
like but girls have a lot of stuff that
are being thrown at them all the time
and we have to suss out what's good for
us and weed out the positive messages
I truly believe our society operates on
a currency of women's and Security's
multi-billion dollar industries thriving
on like just make them feel like their
bodies are unacceptable and then they
sell them for shit look at any magazine
like you're amazing but you need to lose
like hunt down love your body love your
hair whatever you've done is wrong you
look like a sea monster everything's got
like a weird mixed message in a weird
like hoary undertone like be a bad girl
on your sexuality but if you fuck more
than one dude you're a whore like
everything's wrong now you can't just go
around like epic dude but you can have
sex with more than one and that's okay
even my eyeliner has a sexual message is
called bad gam 14 year olds can buy this
are they bad girls yeah tiny bad girls
comes the little devil that sits on your
shoulder and as you're putting it on it
whispers salacious things in your air
like I better get ready for the Europe
bad girl close that window yeah I'm
gonna get right yeah you want to fuck in
a dumpster weak doesn't sound like a bad
gal as much as someone that just needs a
home I don't not a bad girl I'm just
trying to put on eyeliner so I don't
like newborn hamster face I'm just
trying it
ya know you were back I'm not a bad girl
yeah you are you want to give a handjob
in an Acura going fifty in a thirty
minute you're a bad gal I have insurance
what's my blush called flirty girl
yeah tarted-up you hooker yeah look
super morning ready to go you're a
flirty girl dressed like that you were
asking for a dress like what like a cool
mom out on like moms night out like just
like what yeah you wanna fuck in a
dumpster what's with you in fucking with
dusters I want to fuck in a dumpster
well you're projecting
again my issue with it isn't that
there's a sexual undertone my issue with
it is that it's a negative message to
women but guys reap a positive effect
right guys like oh she's a bad girl
maybe so touch midi that's pretty much
the baddest bad girl I'm sure spiked
leather plug ya motorcycle
she's probably a lesbian she's on a
motorcycle okay bad yeah there's no
men's products there are no men's
products that have like a negative
message to men but women reap a positive
effect there was no guy putting on
cologne and as he's doing he's hearing
you're gonna text her back within a
reasonable time frame
there's no guy putting on aftershave and
as he's putting it on he's here you're
37 and share room with two other dudes
in the hipster part of town and outside
of the context of Los Angeles it's
actually totally socially unacceptable
bro with that you run a t-shirt making
business awesome you'll have online shit
that's cool no real t-shirts also you
ride a bike to work and claim it's
ecologically responsible but we all know
your credit is so fucked you can't get
financing for a Kia
a lot to contend with as a girl if
different rules were being a girl girls
are that girls should be equal we can
fuck whoever we want it's not the way it
should be with a fairer sex for a reason
lady we have a responsibility if you
want guys to do things like pay for
dinner and open doors you have to act
like a lady you can't act like a guy
we're just not built for sorry if that's
crushing some of you it's just the truth
look my girlfriend's called me the other
night
thank you letting all of that after your
skip
continuing and not fully comprehending
what I do for a living that's fine but
we're talking about it and in the back
was my drunk friend drunk friend never
gets to hold the phone
drunk friends always in the background
yelling shit at the sober one drunk he's
always like tethered to the sober one
like
I'm gonna yell I miss you girls always
do then you don't miss them you're like
miss you too babe she kept yelling at me
I'm like what is she - whatever you want
I feel if you're a lady
that is never says that should be
uttered with anticipation in future
tense it is only a sentence that should
be said with the utmost admiration in
past tense it should never be I'm going
to make a stranger it should always be
we always talked about the downside when
girls sleep with someone there's a lot
of risks that it poses for women however
we take up for the guy side for a second
I do believe there are plenty of guys
and you're good guys that have gone to
bed with a girl for like a one-night
stand thinking like I found someone
special I really like her and then you
wake up the next morning next to like a
fat water rat like these things that
happen okay plenty of guys in here I'm
sure thought they went to bed with like
an absolute angel
and tomorrow morning this might
happening tonight you're going to go out
in Denver on a Friday or go out and meet
a girl oh she's so injured look so
beautiful
and tomorrow morning you are going to
wake up next to Satan himself you're
going to look down at your sheets
there's going to be a pile of sheets and
they'll just be like undulating
pulsating and they'll be heat lines
coming off of it oh good morning excuse
me is it Stacey no one by the name of
Stacey is here oh my god I'm so
embarrassing I thought your name was
Stacey bill nombre known as abort on
Wow well judging by that and the smell
of sulfur I'm going to take a guess that
you are Satan yes clip-clop yes ah look
you gotta go why I thought we were gonna
get breakfast smoochie bye
we can't get breakfast because look I
cheated on my girlfriend and I you would
you choose you are you crying lava
fucking bright hot lava the devil what
do you think I'm gonna cry more than nah
man that's so fucked up
I thought you're a good guy fuck you
fuck you alright alright just get I
don't know you know what I know what
you're gonna die
you fucking serious nope that's the
Angel of Death I'm just kidding people
they were the same we're now we just
similar hi we both have brown hair
alright you gotta go fucking touch me
get off my tail I'm going give me some
bus fare
in my hoof what are you laughing at I'm
sorry I just I think it's ridiculous
that you're taking the bus yes I'm
taking the bus okay
I am fiscally responsible do you know
how hard it is to be the devil hey I
have no business the Kardashians take
like all of my business I'm not even
joking it's really hard to earn an
honest dollar okay ridiculous I had to
have sex with Kris Jenner and everything
it was horrible
[Music]
she's evil of course I don't have any
money what do you expect me to ride
around of course I take public
transportation I'm a demon of the people
okay what do you expect me to drive
around in a hearse made of skulls okay
I'm not Rob Zombie I'm not an asshole
okay give me six dollars and 66 cents
and I'll be on my way
alright fucking go I have a question
what is it going outside
[Music]
[Applause]
you guys are a wonderful crowd there's
no elegant way to wipe off a sweat
mustache
[Music]
I was talking at the beginning about how
a lot of my friends are getting married
and I'm happy for them I think that I'm
just in a different headspace at the
moment they all get really excited to
plan their weddings and I get really
excited to plan a break up guys here and
this girls do weird things and from the
day we start dating you we keep tabs on
everything you do wrong so that if and
when we decide to break up with you
because I don't know the wind changes
direction we can then refer to said
let's extrapolate one isolated incident
and use that as the piece de resistance
of our breakup masterpiece you don't
believe me I've been dating a girl
everything's going great nothing's a
mediocre okay not great but whatever
things are fine and she breaks up with
you out of the blue left you broken up
with me yes your feet look like Eagle
claws there I said akka cause that could
call goodbye it seems like it's out of
nowhere we let things build and it could
be like a hairpin trigger you could be
sitting at your anniversary dinner don't
think about cutting salmon like it
doesn't really matter just do you know
I'm not cavalier about this I put time
and effort into these breakups you put
time and effort into dating me I'm going
to return said time and effort plus
interests a very good ROI on that
breakup okay you handcrafted breakups
hand-hewn a Cho in California
tailor-made for from the fires of your
own insecurities specialty breakups okay
I don't do a generic breakup I don't do
a breakup template I don't do the whole
oh my god
it's me not you know what you
motherfucker here's a list of reasons
why I was dating a guy who dated for
three months and we were on our first
date right so what's the first date so
we're doing first date stuff right we're
at a bar we're drinking talking taking
muscle relaxers it's like a first date
and I was asking first date questions
like what do you do where are you from
what do you max out at like just stuff
you want to know wonder what's your
middle name just asking questions what's
your middle name he goes what middle
name is Paul yeah reciprocity and like a
normal conversation would dictate that
perhaps his next question to me should
have been one nah man that's right
what's your middle name but he never
asked me my middle name
and I fucking remembered that because
here's the deal he was necessarily wrong
I not asking me that men and women
communicate so differently I'm surprised
we can be in the same room without
ripping each other's genitals off quite
frankly if you went back and you said to
him
why didn't you ask her her middle name
he'd be like what at the times you have
long hair I thought she was a mermaid
like not eating the same stratosphere
and what's crazy is every guy in this
room is like yeah right all murmur in
here okay
and where I went wrong where girls tend
to go wrong is I didn't tell him why I
was mad we don't tell you why we're mad
because you should know which is insane
we barely know why remember I don't know
but something happened and now in that I
don't know why I'm mad but you should
know the secrets are locked in my brain
[Music]
did you eat a key again that and the
plate and the leaves from earlier I feel
fat we just sit there stoic with this
like Stepford wife Assad and we let it
rot our brains and we sit there smiling
but it devolver just like he didn't ask
my middle name that need to doesn't want
to get to know me my host my thoughts my
dreams my feelings my friends my family
will never have a baby like that sewer
that's evolved so I begin planning the
break-up on the first date we did it for
about three months and at the conclusion
of three months I decided that I wanted
to do greenery felt the rain would be
emblematic of the tears shed during the
courtship a lot of poetry in that rain
breakup right all different kinds of
rain breaks up you can do one in an
alley crying you could do what you could
be a young British country to go in the
1800s running through a field
you're in a white dress no shoes women
actually weren't allowed to wear shoes
until 1962 fun fact I call me with you
have been betrothed to another Jeremiah
I love you someone new running in the
rain and it's cascading I got long hair
they didn't have scissors back then
either this long hair all I'd wrap it
around like a belt that's weird
and I've been running and their cascade
over white so it's just see-through
you wouldn't see Ariel but you'd see
nipple bumpin right like like Rachel
friends circa 1997 Network nipple right
running vision doing it no bra running
hard no bra because in your fantasy kiss
her like rocks just running every girl
in this room is fantasize about kissing
a boy in the rain which if you've ever
actually done it is fucking horrible you
will get the flu I live in Los Angeles
that's not clean rain I'm fucking rats
cabbage head shots lettuce kale three
types of leafy greens we're healthy
syringes dreams could do rain breakup it
rain one day while we were dating but I
was wearing a wool sweater so you have
you can't get wool wet you're going to
smell like a dirty sheep no one's going
to miss you working up with me I'm
breaking up again so I had to plan an
alternate break up now before I share
with you my alternate fantasy break up
I'm going to tell you the way we
actually broke up the way we actually
broke up was you're truly got a little
drunk and a little honest one night and
texted him something to the effect of
you don't even watch Breaking Bad how
are we supposed to be together that's
actually how the gone fried shrimp
so now I'm going to share with you my
ultimate fantasy breakup in my fantasy
we will be sitting on my couch of my
house and I would be like a little bit
more tan than I am now so people people
would be like where'd you go on vacation
I'd be like in secret and I probably my
hair will be a little bit longer but
like not like - I have like layers
you're talking about like a long bob I'm
talking about like where you want to
keep the length but not the weight so
you have like layers you're talking
about and maybe like highlights in the
front but maybe like a partial it really
reads you the back like some warmer
tones like a honey for the fall Jim time
out okay sitting on my couch my house
and I would start a fight out of nowhere
when you're a woman you possess a
magical innate ability to create
conflict where there formerly was none
all right we're talking out of thin
fucking air we could do this as a show
in Las Vegas like argument illusionists
just creating them nothing up my sleeve
nothing in my hand now there's a fight
motherfucker
maybe we'll have a job I don't know the
budget I don't have the point is
gentlemen if the girl wants to have a
fight
the lady shall have a fight and there's
nothing you can do about it all you have
to you can cough that's enough that's
enough Kindle for that fire sitting
there watching TV why don't you
I didn't say anything
[Music]
but it said you know whatever duh and I
would start crying start crying I'm
telling you now that I'm going to cry
then I'm planning to cry put it in my
phone set reminder cry later on to make
myself cry how do you make yourself cry
that's what you're thinking right now
Eliza how do you make yourself cry a lot
of actresses get paid a lot of money to
make themselves cry how do you make
yourself cry I'm going to tell you you
take a small pocket knife I'm just
kidding um turn around and unbeknownst
to him I would pluck a solitary nose
hair you ever do that
shit hurts real bad it's physically
undetectable and it's going to escalate
the energy of your argument very quickly
your argument will magically be
transformed from you know big tears okay
girls I'll tell you why it's important
at big tears okay if you're going to
make the attempt to elicit an emotional
response from an otherwise emotionally
unavailable individual you must be
demonstrative with your ocular
lubrication okay
unlike women men are very
black-and-white they respond to big
gestures okay
big tears means I am sad this is not fun
I do not like that that's sad now that's
a big tear say you can't risk it with
little snively allergy tears that's a
mixed message that's not clear he
doesn't what do you fucking what do you
want he might go kill you a squirrel and
bring it back he doesn't know what you
want so I start crying about you forget
and I would run out of my own house I'd
run outside yeah prior to starting this
fight I would have gone into the street
and set up orange parking cones in the
street okay because from my ultimate
fantasy break up I want to have a street
fight break up
and anyone that's ever fought in the
street knows you need a designated
fighting area okay that's a public
thoroughfare you can't just run into it
and start fighting this is a West Side
Story you're going to get hit by a Buick
so I'd run outside and I'd run into the
comfort of the designated fighting area
the DFA I'd run into it run into it I'd
immediately start yelling I hate you
I don't be yelling I'm angry not angry
want the neighbors to come out the
neighbors to come out I want them to see
how you treat me treats me fine
I just fine like we got frozen yogurt
that morning like it's fine
I want them to come out I want their
energy I want their attention I need an
audience like obviously so and have it
set up and he'd run out he blows Oh what
is your pump get back inside look you
don't tell me what to do I'm an
independent woman I listen to Beyonce
surfboard so forth
what does that mean no one knows what
are you so upset about I feel like I
just feel like oh so hard because I feel
like I'm letting you down I just feel
like we don't even talk anymore and we
don't even know we argue about
you cordon boys to man maybe I don't
know why you're so upset and then I
would begin I just do it um all right I
just feel like I just feel like this dry
[Music]
you're a great guy and you should be
with a great girl I want you to be with
a great girl sort of and I I feel like
we have a really good time together and
you're wonderful but I feel like I'm not
the girl for you okay