thank you for having me like to discuss
something with you there are two kinds
of hungover there's the kind of over
where you wake up the next morning
you're like what I touched his penis
over his jeans it's okay there's the
kind of hungover where whatever happened
the night before wasn't even your fault
because you weren't mentally present for
any of it it was not you that wasn't
sure
just so you know your party goblin
sleeps in the back deer brain for those
of you that are unfamiliar with my work
she sleeps in the back of your brain
and she waits on a pile of rags and
regrets an old Tiger Beat Magazine Shoei
for the perfect opportunity she's back
there in your brain sleeping her goblin
sleeps
Channing Tatum stick of butter
she will awaken when she hears you say I
guess I'll just come out for one drink
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll just come out for one because I
have to be up early
[Applause]
he got super moist out of the garbage
and text your ex-boyfriend that you love
him turn your phone
and by the way there's zero culpability
on the part of your party goblin she's
not there the next morning
okay DD Pedialyte no she doesn't give up
she straight up ghost like 3:00 a.m.
when you're shit-faced in the back of an
uber right you scooped yourself into the
back of this car your crowning
achievement of the evening is that you
didn't die and we've all had that moment
anybody that's been out drinking
you've been out it's been loud there's
been people yelling there's been people
dancing you stole an ambulance has been
a crazy night we've all had that moment
of solitaire drunken serenity where you
get the back of the car and you shut the
door that for the first time all night
it's quiet and you think oh my god I
made it followed by other to throw up
and the car you're trying to hold it
right you roll the window down you're
like you roll the window back obviously
too much me
those vomits coming up it's right here
like a1 steak sauce it gets you here
like you're trying to focus on anything
to distract you you're listening to the
radio the first time in your life you're
paying attention to the words of a
pitbull song uno dos tres you look over
a party god when she's loving that she's
got her head out her window night and
you know it's your party goblin that got
you by the manner in which you wake up
the next morning if you wake up if you
wake up Chicago you wake up when party
goblin gets you you wake up on your
couch beds are for closers you wake up
on your couch okay you ever pass out on
a pillow so hard you get a cushion scar
down the side here babe
[Applause]
you wake up no idea where you are
no idea where you were you check your
wrist it's just a dirty patchwork of
entry stamps put the pieces together
from the night before is like the plot
from memento no idea you check your
Instagram feed it's just a blurry feed
of pictures you took your own face from
this angle it's just me and three girls
in a bathroom in East LA like squad
goals I don't know but I think I'm in
the gang now right no idea what you did
the night before we I you know what
party goblin gets you by the amount that
you sleep I slept for 15 hours the other
day I spent so long my muscles atrophied
okay I turn the fucking stone you ever
pass out with your full body weight on
your hands
no blood and no blood out your hands are
just purple bloated flippers I slept so
long I almost died like there was a
point at around 4 p.m. where my soul was
like should I just go
[Applause]
there's different kinds of drugs some
people think they get a lot smarter when
they're drunk so people want to talk
when they're drunk the Latin phrase for
this is in vino veritas which means in
wine there's truth
which is why when girls get drunk we're
always like
[Applause]
I don't have a neck and I don't really
make a lot of drunk mistakes but I worry
when I make dumb decisions when I'm
drunk for the simple fact in my group of
friends I'm the alpha I decide what we
do obviously I the restaurants I think
the bars mostly cuz no one cares but I
am the decision-maker and what worries
me is if I'm doing stupid shit when I'm
drunk what hope do the Sheep who I lead
[Applause]
so this is the story of one such night
so we were out the other night and we
were shit camp like is that kind of
drunk where you can't even read and then
you realize it's because you're in
Chinatown
[Applause]
actually you know you're fucked up we're
in Chinatown and you ancient secrets not
so hidden so we're drunk and we're
walking through Chinatown and we walk
into a bar I'm reticent to say that it's
a club because I'm 33 but there's a
dance floor and a DJ and I had a like a
little bit about it right about now
you're probably wondering reason why are
you wearing body glitter I will tell you
Chicago because my date was late to pick
me up gentlemen you need to know this
about women when we get ready we have a
list of things we do to reach our most
attractive point there is an apex nay a
pinnacle of beauty that women reach when
they're getting ready and every minute
you're late to get us is one more minute
we spend doubting ourselves dicking with
our makeup and we get incrementally
uglier
one time my date was an hour late and
grew it to hail this guy was only thirty
minutes late
thank God he walks in I'm on the ground
there's kaboodle shrapnel everywhere
I've got a wet wild lipgloss wand I'm
like I'm a pretty girl but what happens
is we have time so we start to add
things doubt ourselves that's where I
found that glitter in hindsight it
wasn't body glitter
it was straight-up craft glitter but I
was like I'll put on my faith make it
dainty do you ever feel that do you ever
feel that you could make something work
do you ever feel that because you're not
trashy
you can pull off doing something that's
trashy
you're like I can wear fishnet stockings
I went to Stanford like it's okay for
some reason that's how it felt got that
body glitter I was like I'll just do a
little bit I'll do a classy amount right
I've got some time so I'm just gonna do
like a little bit you know what fun fact
you know what body glitter of course
looks like conjunctivitis like real
upload I'll do a little bit five more
minutes later I'm like maybe I'll just
do it here and I'll bring it down I'll
just highlight the orbitrim that way
when we're dancing the light I'll hit it
it'll be like anime five more minutes
later maybe it'll just bring a little
bit down here and highlight the jaw bone
so he knows I would come from good Chu
in stock five more minutes later
sparkles fish so now I look like a
goddamn road flare and we're in public
we walk into this bar and one of the
difficult parts about being a woman
besides everything is that you're
constantly battling with yourself
in the long run we're battling our
weight hair color wrinkles
minute-to-minute it's just an adjustment
of your hair and your bra and your
underwear and your makeup and your
mustache crated beat it setec you're
always doing because if one thing is off
and the night is ruined Scott okay one
time I left my house without mascara on
I did a u-turn on a four-lane highway
they will see the whites of my eyes
everything has to be perfect and guys
it's exhausting it's exhausting being a
girl did you know fun scientific fact
that I made up on the way here that
women get four minutes out of every
night four minutes out of every night
where our brain sends a message to our
body saying everything's okay stop
messing with it four minutes out of
every night where your brain sends a
message to your body like homeostasis
achieved
and the rest of the time it just made
everything has to be perfect so we
walked into this bar
my first thought I gotta fix my lip
liner now I'm not even a big lipliner
wearer but in that moment it was
everything in that moment I believed
fixing my lip liner is what stood
between me and eternal happiness okay I
have to take a liner i define my liner
and line my chola lips okay that's what
I had to do so glad I got a response in
North Carolina nothing okay
Pat's it fits my lip liner had to be
right then to the gentlemen in the room
I don't expect you to understand the
urgency with which I had to fix my lip
liner the only thing I could liken it to
in male culture is like what you feel
you have to adjust your balls similar
immediacy as we've seen unfortunately
when you feel children Christmas Eve
family portrait
[Applause]
it's a Dick Costolo absolving it now
Comfort this is my right to get off my
back
yeah so many guys right now have to
adjust look not gonna do it
[Applause]
I believe that's what Elvis was doing
needed my liner now you understand that
I needed it guys okay leave it the liner
that means I had to find the liner in my
back however I had a big bag there's a
very specific way that women will search
for something when we have a big bag
what do you do you take a designated
search claw and you plunge it
[Music]
never breaking eye contact with your
prey I mean your date notice I haven't
blinked Chicago dedication acting
the constant eye contact being a
reminder that yes I can multitask and
keep talking I'll make a great partner
bury me meanwhile to the outside world
that looks like you're wrestling with a
very small bass if you're a real pro you
keep the conversation moving still
haven't blinked by the way if you're a
real pro you keep the conversation
moving and listening I'm listening keep
talking keep talking I can love and
listen safe and duel one more time
motherfucker I'm listening
[Applause]
you're digging around in there meanwhile
as a woman you're having to come to
terms with the seventh layer of hell
that is the bottom of your bag it's just
a graveyard of dismembered pets there's
coins why is there always a natures
valley Panola bar crumbled
you stick your hand down you come up
with oats between your fingernail
taken around a gym lock a phone charger
a concealer without its lid why why
can't we make them with retractable lids
that don't break off because you stick
your hand down there unknowingly you
come up with one creamy finger like
yeah but it was expensive you're like
yeah
so now you look amazing keep looking
keep looking bits of paper I saw keep
looking around tampon out of its wrapper
maybe I keep it don't go get sick
digging around if it's out of the
wrapper
don't keep it sometimes it's like oh
don't blow on it and then you're gonna
get dysentery I'll never finish the
Oregon Trail
seven or eight seconds go by I cannot
find my lipliner seven or eight seconds
go by which girl years is like forever I
cannot find my lip liner so what's the
logical thing to do maybe use the other
hand to add to the search right to aid
in the excavation maybe get a cellular
device to illuminate the situation not
me I dropped to my knees on a dance
floor jumped out of the bag and start
sifting through it like Helen Keller
learning how to spell water
fun fact girls if you want to let people
around you know that you're absolutely
not on the same mental Plainfield as
them a great way to do it I found is to
dump out personal property under a
shared communal space because that
immediately lets other guard goers know
it's this body language this body
language this feral raccoon like body
language was enough to alert the door
guy door guy at a busy night club you've
got a lot to deal with however he found
my which over a cauldron behavior
threatening enough to leave his post
flashlight hand and walk up to me he was
a big guy he was like six eight black
guy good-looking I had to say he was
good-looking
[Applause]
seems to be the face of thinly veiled
political correctness in our country if
you say someone's color other than white
you must immediately assign them an
accolade deserved or otherwise to prove
that you're not racist
or in the first place I was a fucking
racist I was giving you an accurate
depiction of the events that transpired
you asked to see a show
[Applause]
I can tell you this much black white or
other there's no way he was gonna be hot
he's six eight they get weird looking
after sir tonight okay structurally it
gets weird okay I am NOT wrong hashtag
I'm not wrong okay
sure there's no hot giant so he Shrek's
up to me and I feel his presence and I
see the ball of light and hear his voice
and he goes everything I had over here
fucking no dude everything is most
definitely not right sir I'm on the
floor I don't exist on this plane fun
fact about being on the floor as an
adult when you choose to take it to this
place you lose all credibility nobody
wants to hear the prerogative of someone
on the floor if you have to Crane your
neck up to explain yourself you are
fucked okay you don't believe me you
ever tried to get the life story if
someone sitting on a curb no because
they were sitting on a fucking curb and
you didn't want to talk to them you see
there's someone who's drunk on a lot of
Beth or like a really pissed off
bridesmaid just waiting for the service
to be over but now I'm on the floor and
I'm nervous because that's an authority
figure and I'm like in my head I'm like
oh fuck I'm gonna go to bar jail
what if they repossess my wages but I
was drunk and in my head I'm like it's
cool
be smart explain what you're doing
whatever you do Eliza just sound
intelligent instead what came out of my
mouth was man and what I feel he
understood
they respected name
[Applause]
[Music]
resonated with wasn't that I had to find
my lipliner what I feel he understood
was the sheer amount of white girl crazy
coming out from behind my eye because he
then gave me the international verbal
sign for I respect you and fear you I'm
going to back off which is I then
[Music]
my name hurt on my lip liner was like in
my other bag I didn't like that
experience I didn't like being on the
floor and I didn't like being on the
floor for a very specific reason as a
woman I didn't need a reminder of how
vulnerable women are on a day-to-day
basis
being on the floor it's a very
vulnerable place I didn't need that
reminder and women in our society are
vulnerable by virtue of the fact that we
are physically not as strong as men
that's the root of the issue that's the
root of the oppression and that's the
root of oppression for any side of war
throughout history and anytime one side
was stronger they get to make the rules
do you think for a second that if women
were physically stronger than men we
would have waited for the right to vote
[Applause]
it's 1910 some jacked-up housewife is
just putting up weight her garage
she got a shaker of horse testosterone a
creatine girl little husband comes in
he's like you're not bode she'd be like
[Applause]
Mama's go to the polls it's physical
strength that's the root of the issue
physical strength and they try to
placate women they try to tell us where
other types of strong sure but none that
matter as much as physical strength boy
you're a woman so mentally strong
mentally strong you put up with him all
day mentally strong mentally strong what
do I do with that mentally strong what
do i do want to rapist runs at me
math
it's physical strength physical strength
is a strength that counts when it comes
to protecting yourself and women are
only naturally physically superhuman
strong when it comes to two things the
first is a recent one and that's
CrossFit which it's enough by the way
it's a cult okay Scientology CrossFit
people without celiac disease that don't
eat gluten it's a call okay it's enough
I can deadlift 600 pounds cool what
Starbucks do you work out like what do
you go guard a village join up what are
you doing with that muscle that horse me
the workouts that they're doing it's all
snake oil I believe okay
push-ups sit-ups pull-ups the
foundations of a military workout these
are applicable in the rest of your life
instead they got a father of six in
there at 7:00 a.m. before work flipping
a monster truck tire why when do you
need that why do you need to know the
form for that
what post-apocalyptic gorilla playground
are you gonna find yourself in why don't
we just give you an empty suitcase to
throw around your cage beaches and a
rope thing there are other ways to build
up your pectoral muscles men have been
doing it for centuries instead they got
you in there with the rope what are you
going to use that like can't be stuck
down by the dock under some boat row
and the only time that women are
naturally exceptionally physically
strong is when it comes to childbirth
and that's amazing
yes be amazing if those were all men
with like really high-pitched voices
it's an amazing amount of superhuman
strength that unfairly women only get to
tap into when they're having a baby you
only get to tap into that superhuman
strength once maybe twice a year but
that second baby's gonna be very tiny
you only get to use it that's a
disproportionate amount of strength
mother nature's playing a kree joke on
us do you not have any pounds of
pressure per square inch it takes to
deliver
we're not even using our hands you're
late
Python light digesting of goats
get over there using fucking grit and
rage and like a mother's love but just
[Applause]
you can do that with your body yet the
rest of the year we have trouble not
doing push-ups on our knees that's it
[Applause]
we're only exceptionally strong when it
comes to children we have something
called mama bear strength so that means
when your child is in danger your child
someone else's child sorry Junior your
child lift that piano off your legs
yourself cam not your mama
when your child is in danger in that
moment through adrenaline you can
develop superhuman strength and save
that baby so if your child is trapped
under a car you go ahead and flip that
Buick like an orangutan like no problem
yet if you're a single girl walking
alone on a Saturday night and some
maniac runs at you what's your defense
like yeah two plus two is four
[Applause]
for Millennials would probably use our
phone calculators that's why sexual
harassment is such a big deal it really
has less to do with the disgusting thing
a man feels he has the right to yell at
you out of a van or a truck never heard
of a Civic for some reason but for the
girls that might not know you couldn't
wear whatever you want it doesn't give
someone the right to treat you
you can wear whatever you want you could
leave the house naked you will go to
jail
but you could do whatever you want but
it has less to do with what a man is
yelling you and nobody wants to say this
but I will what it has to do with is the
underlying notion that if that man
wanted to act on it he could and if you
don't believe me every girl in here
knows what it's like a guy yells have
been discussing at you and because
you're strong you yell back right he's
like they're nice to join fuck off
immediately followed by what if it kills
me
like there's God that you're bark was
big enough that you don't have to take a
lady bite being sexually harassed is the
worst I'm sorry let me rephrase that
being sexually harassed by an ugly guy
is the worst
he's hot it's just plain old flirt no
one's ever been like get away from me
model that's fine it has to do also with
an unrequited uninvited sexual energy
and women are very aware of it every
woman in here knows what it feels like
to have a guy's eyes on you when you
find them attractive it's the best
feeling when you see like a group of hot
guys and you walk by and your head
you're like hope they're looking at my
butt it felt so good feels so good about
my little haunches right now and what
the dudes are gross and you have to walk
fire like please don't look at my book
please don't look at my book okay so I
look at my right don't look at it
having someone sexually harass you it's
their energy on you it feels like you're
getting shot with a dead gun that's what
it feels like mining your own business
you're like sure do you love being an
independent woman nice kid
[Applause]
no he got a boner for free women have to
think about these things it's hard being
a girl I haven't been a guy in like a
while but it is difficult and we're
constantly questioning ourselves and
we're constantly being told that what we
feel is wrong and how we look is wrong
and we tell it to little girls and it
sticks with us take a man and a woman
shopping nothing will fit because
fashion is the enemy for sure but
nothing will fit the woman and it's for
negative reasons and nothing will fit
the guy and it's for positive reasons
take the woman shopping nothing fits
my arms are fat my thighs are big I'm
fucking gross I hate my body take the
guy shopping an average man of average
bill 510 170 now I can't buy off the
rack because my shoulders are so
abnormally broad for my height my waist
jeepers it's such an Adonis like angle
my dick is so girth yet : where Jim goes
what for me
so good things women are told to change
it's okay if men are the same that's why
we have stereotypes that's why you got
the stereotype of your grandpa I sit in
my chair I drink my beer I've got the
remote
I got a clicker fucking talk to me right
women aren't like that right what do
women do I'm taking a class love classes
learning more about sherry and meeting
Cindy for the first time there's two
women it was bought a lot of them just
two different women that's I'm learning
to breathe I'm getting a sense of myself
and I'm canning I'm canning my own beats
for no reason I live in the middle of a
city I just thought I wanted to connect
I'm canning my own shit now I didn't put
it in there I let it solidify I make
jewelry I sell it on Etsy it's a nice
pocket money I'm learning about myself
and learning to breathe cutting my own
hair
I'm learning to make my own tea bring
the hair and the tea drink my hair
changing I always want to change a
little bit right I was gonna lose a
little bit of weight always no matter
what your body looks like so I was like
bad pounds
we think that's the answer want to lose
like five pounds before lunch
so I can ask for lunch
because we think being skinny is the
answer right there's not even enough to
be skinny is it not even have to be thin
is it you have to be the thinnest out of
your friends who you hate you don't
believe me look at any Instagram picture
of more than four women
it's a fucking pose off dudes don't care
they'll turn around like gorillas big
meal that would take the picture I don't
girls it's like a mr. universe just like
fucking line up line up make it pointy
concave make it fucking pointy kiss it
look at the motherfucking neck pain
hamstring
[Applause]
it's not enough to just be thin right
you want to be the kind of thing where
your friends are worried for you
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so within horrible-looking stalking
around jab kids I where youth large
thank you pray fucking fever for days
right mr. peanut legs coming out six
seconds ahead of you
like an arc rum comic but thinner right
just walk it around baby stegasaurus
spine hanging like moss off the willow
tree fucking clavicle you could serve
soup out of I like my body but I always
everybody wants to change something
right I have was one of his shoulders
that were so thrill and tiny little bird
shoulders do they even have filters no
it's just that's what I want I want no
shoulders I want the kind of shoulders
and my bra strap just falls down floppy
men love it they love it they go crazy
watch out cause it's like one less thing
they got to do right it's not my fault I
think that's attractive I see it you see
their lingerie ads in magazines the
women are always on the bed bra strap
men love vulnerability and that's what
that represents no like a strong woman
bullshit
vulnerability help me open this jar
please help me we look
what is the bra strap down represent
your bra strap is down you're not
supported when your tits are flopping
around you can't run away want that bone
structure right I have those shoulders I
want to look like the girl on the cover
of the playbill four-lane is it's a ten
year old French coat still I want those
bones they do men love vulnerability
right that's why the thin thing is the
thing that's why women are expected to
be right he can't have a baby through
this thing that's what we have to be
Gordon Purdy who like that kind of thing
because women are thin there's no
nutrition going through their body when
there's no nutrition you're colder when
you're cold you don't leave the house
and we don't leave the house you don't
vote
that's why every model has that
vulnerable look that's why every model
looks like you just uncovered a refugee
from under a manhole cover leg
they love vulnerability and we do things
to make ourselves vulnerable strong
women are told to tone it down right to
be fair men are always told to toughen
up we don't let men be vulnerable that's
not fair either but I can't help you
guys kind of a girl I can only fight one
side at a time if you want to come to my
green room and cry after I will laugh at
you but no you can but we tell strong
women to bring it down right
high heels why do you wear high heels so
you what can't run from your attacker
good smokey eye makeup why does that
make sense what are you doing you take
the makeup find it into your eye why is
that attractive I figured it out smokey
eye makeup makes you look like you what
just choked on a dick and cried good
I am NOT wrong it's a little up grant
for me I am not wrong it's not enough to
be thin ever have you gone to the point
of extinction the kind of thing worth
like what up bitches find me like that
kind of thing maybe I'm being unfair
maybe it's a cultural thing I can only
truly speak from the perspective of what
I am I have an upper middle class white
woman hope I die that way and the
expectation of being thin has been put
on us for about a hundred years that's
been the look the live to you yes these
jeans are high that's not weird like we
like that look and that's a hard look to
achieve some women died trying to be
thin and it was only in the last 40
years that women of color and women of
other ethnicities rose to prominence and
made it socially acceptable name
attractive to have the body of a grown
woman Jennifer Lopez came out of nowhere
with the back side over brought to
Saurus like
[Applause]
and it became attractive and somewhere
with everybody having an agenda in our
social conversation it became okay to
tell white girls to their faces
you're fat kill yourself bullying us on
Facebook because you're white so life
must be easy which I'm not gonna lie
it's great being white is great but it
became okay to say that because we are
not spicy right
white women don't have a fire in them
there's not a chili pepper here inside
here is a scoop of Breyers vanilla bean
ice cream and we'll take it your
boyfriend tells you you're fat wrong on
the sorry Chad please don't cut out the
kayak Jenga you know who has an
unshakable sense of self esteem black
women you yeah you cannot tell a sister
on her something isn't working she won't
believe it giant go up to black don't be
like I don't like those jeans first of
all I dare you
it will not rattle her first second be
like I don't like those jeans she'd be
like bullshit laughter you looking girls
if you want respect you're gonna have to
take it 2016 let's learn some math let's
learn some science let's drop the body
issues okay
don't let anybody make you feel less
than your bodies are perfect the way
they are and if you want respect you
have to command respect not demand it
two totally different things
commanding respect is in the actions
it's the way that we speak about each
other it's the way that you speak about
yourself if your whole agenda is to be
sexual and confusing being sexual with
empowerment and talking about fucking
and sex all the time thinking that
that's the reason that women are
empowered you're fucking wrong it comes
the way you treat yourself don't call it
yours
because when you do that society looks
at you and they say oh it's okay to talk
to women that way you teach people how
to treat you let's get rid of the phrase
walk of shame what is that one
what is walk of shame I don't understand
that I've never had a walk of shame what
could that be walk of shame that's there
to be shameful about what's the shame in
the fact that he and I went out we both
had the same amount of vodka sodas he
got too drunk to get it up so he passed
out then I used his credit card to buy
like $100 the Chinese delivery that I
stole his golf club
starting from behind here girls we gotta
say smarter things from now on let's
make a pact from now on I don't want to
hear any more women talk about how they
want to be mermaids
it's stupid and I'm not trying to be a
bitch but like it's probably not gonna
happen for you literally you don't have
the bone structure what worries me I see
it a lot and it's not from children it's
grown women like you came out of
escapism that's in that sentence you
want to move to the woods you want to
make jam fine at least you're still
paying taxes you want to be a mermaid
that means that all of your achievements
in life are gonna lead to you being a
fictional fuck toy for a horny sailor
like that's what you want because I see
it a lot t-shirts right I am a mermaid
yo saw a mermaid
let's discuss the logistics of being a
mermaid so that you have the information
if and when the job opportunity presents
itself on LinkedIn you can make an
informed decision okay if you are a
mermaid you don't sleep girls like oh my
god I love sleeping good for you just
chugging now a new Code Red there are
there are no beds but there's not a new
code right you're so white trash
jacked-up mermaid so and by the way you
don't have fins remember you're half
human so you've got arms so you just got
these thick ass tramps just swimming
just fuck
you can't stop swimming is if you stop
swimming something will try to eat you
fuck you or kill you okay it's not
dissimilar to being a woman in a
downtown area so just sweating swimming
swimming swimming now you're swimming
all day you're probably pretty hungry
right how are you gonna catch food
remember your TAS human we don't have
animal catching accoutrement like claws
and tentacles and lasers we don't have
those kind of things we have big brains
and you have a big girl brain so I don't
know what you're gonna do maybe talk a
crab to death excuse me excuse me I was
thinking of double majoring in
psychology and communication excuse me
are you a cancer so now you're hungry
you're tired you're like I don't care
cuz I'm gonna lay out on the beach like
a mermaid no you all sailors are gonna
try to fuck you and the Japanese will
definitely try to eat you like just for
funsies okay now you're swimming around
I don't care cuz I'm gonna have long
flowy mermaid hair no you won't you ever
go in the ocean you guys aren't on ocean
you're on a lake you're gonna be a lake
mermaid where do you have trout kill
yourself
freshwater mermaid
[Music]
what if you like the weird under the
genetic will unusual for like half
turtle no too long smelly in there right
here you're not gonna have long sewing
room right here you ever go in the water
with those actual waves how can I have
long flowing mermaid hair you're going
to have one giant merge red and it's
just gonna follow you it's just one big
old merlok and it's get caught on
propellers it's getting caught on
anchors there's sea lice living in your
merge right cuz that's a warm hospitable
environment then there's fish feeding
off those sea life there's an entire
sustainable maritime ecosystem attached
to your fucking head you're dragging
around the sea lice or nipping at your
scalp you got to get rid of it right so
what do you do you're like I'll just cut
it off
ain't no scissors in the ocean all right
and I don't care what the little mermaid
told us because she was a liar and a
quarter port we let it go cuz she was
pretty but she was super gross
look at this stuff isn't it neat that's
a used toothbrush don't put it in you're
[Applause]
still gonna get rid of that merge red
cuz it's a hazard so what do you do you
have to get another fish to help you you
have to do what they do in the animal
kingdom you must what you must what I'm
gonna TV Gaza who here took marine
biology you have to what relationship
with other marine life good and have
come in with his fish tooth and just saw
off your merge red right it's gonna be
bad looking but now remember you got to
pay that fish back that's the nature of
the symbiotic relationship you must
reciprocate how you gonna pay that fish
back you ain't got no money
shell tits I hate to say it but the only
thing you have is fish sex and I don't
know if you have a vagina because I'm
not an ichthyologist and they don't know
how fish work I should have looked it up
before the taping but I'm just trying to
tell you some jokes and I think I've
done a pretty good job you know what
they fish do they poop so that means you
got a fish butt so think about that so
so now you're swimming around you're
hungry you're tired you got a fucked-up
haircut you're like a little sore here's
my god
okay I'm gonna be a merman I'm gonna
swim cuz I will swim like a mermaid
let's remember how mermaids allegedly
because they are not real swimming they
swim hey ladies do you love AB day at
the gym well that's your fucking life
sister 7da your entire existence is that
of an R kelly backup dancer so you could
be a mermaid or you can always get a job
in front of a used car dealership
no mermaids we can do better
no harm boats I worry for women who ever
met I worry for our countries anybody
else really worried for our country so
I'm worried and by the way I'm very
proud to be an American and I love my
country very much and I want the best
for it there's no joke there it's just a
statement I love being an American what
I'm scared for what I'm scared about not
aren't so much the nightmares clawing at
our front and back doors both
politically foreign domestic economic
psychologically whatever what I'm scared
about is the fact that like my
generation is supposed to be grown up
and mature now
I represent the Millennials perhaps
you've seen our Instagram pages yeah we
cheer for ourselves were the worst
I was at the Lorax of my generation my
stash we didn't ask to be spoiled our
parents loved us and they gave us
everything that's the job of the
generation prior to give the next
generation a better world than they had
so I'm gonna apologize to my grandkids
for the radioactive ball of foil and
Diet Coke that they're gonna inherit
from us but that's what the people
before you do and I believe that this
wave of entitlement started with our
grandparents our grandparents were
called The Greatest Generation and I
believe that they were they selflessly
gave and then made this country the idea
of America that a lot of us miss white
people the rest of us it was horrible
for most though ok the main points of it
okay your grandparents had to fight they
had no choice
grandpa had to fight in World War 2
grandpa was straight-up drafted okay he
had no choice and when he came home from
the war only wanted to do is have a
family have a job be like a little
racist and leave the American dream he
fought he got right to work it's not
like guys today who I just want a
backpack round or gonna find myself yeah
and they're allowed to say that because
whether you like them or not our
military does such a good job of
defending us on a day to day but they do
such a good job that you're allowed to
mentally check out like if you don't
like the war going on right now I like
it on Facebook you're allowed to do that
there was no concerted effort you didn't
have to fight my point is there was no
day we all gathered in our town squares
and through our iPhones into the center
so the military could use the scrap
metal which is a joy to take it back
freak we didn't have that and I think
it's difficult to conceive of a world
where you have to sacrifice so much and
to understand what our grandparents did
because now they're old and you look at
them and when you think old what do you
think
cute right your grandparents are cute
because they're tiny shrinking every you
pick them up put them down they don't
like that sprinkled water get off me
they don't like it and the wider you are
the greater a chance there is that
you've developed some weird pejorative
kitten like nickname for your
grandfather oh it's not grandpa anymore
it's like this is my nimnim
this is my Lipper's this is my pimp pop
and Peppa doesn't give a fuck he's like
I was a prisoner of war for six years
call me Peppa I've had worse oh my god
you guys my hip hop is so cute he's so
keep you pants sometimes like Christmas
when hip-hop all the sleep we like to
decorate them with Christmas bows it's
not funny
silly
don't think for a second hip-hop doesn't
remember how to repurpose that Christmas
boat around your neck to get the Intel
that he needs out of you sit the fuck
down
Colton Caleb Astrid crashing print or
whatever your fucking hipster name is
[Applause]
good pop came home from the war and then
they had our parents our parents are
called the baby boomers they're called
the baby boomers cuz pip hop came home
from Normandy and he was like I'm not
dead boom Gladys let's
[Music]
[Applause]
the baby boomers ask your parents for
the first generation they were allowed
to be artists on a mass scale you didn't
have to work on your family business
you could go out you could do drugs rock
and roll you could do and be what you
want it to be out the big city and then
the baby boomers had Generation X and I
don't care about them because I'm a
millennial we showed up got a trophy for
breathing and then we invented Instagram
[Music]
what's insane about Instagram is this we
use hashtags right hashtag formerly
known as little pound sign she got a
makeover what's weird about a hashtag is
this the more hashtags there are under a
posted picture on Instagram the less
likely the last hashtag is gonna have
anything to do with that posted picture
you got more than four hashtags under
your picture you are witnessing a human
thought process devolve by the end is
just word association free word
association bunch of people on the beach
for the joy right yeah
[Music]
hashtag for Patrick Beach their hashtag
beating hashtag independence a hash tag
independent woman hashtag Beyonce
hashtag blessed hashtag not pay my bill
hashtag bikini body hashtag beach body
house think about that life hashtag
don't need a man hashtag don't want a
man hashtag never had a man has text
sometimes to feel a human emotion I like
to drink my own hair what
[Applause]
and then because we're so hard on women
or mean to women when they're proud of
their bodies on Instagram we only allow
two women to post pictures when they
were work in progress right keep it
going and if you're ever like this is as
good as it gets fucking check it out
it's like you whore you show a fucking
bitch so instead of empowering women and
letting them be proud of themselves
women have to shroud their pride in mr.
at hashtags so you got a generation of
girls proud of their bodies in a
bathroom like this and rather than be
like hashtag check out my body I'm so
happy with myself and said she's like
hashtag check out the groundwork on
these tiles I broke up with my boyfriend
a couple months ago let me ask you a
question have you ever dated someone who
is so pretty but so stupid notice it's
girls cheering all the guys are like
yeah I brought her here keep it moving I
don't want to get the fight
so men can do that women really can't
and the reasoning isn't because men are
dicks there's nothing like that it has
to do with the wiring of our brains men
are visually stimulated women
unfortunately are cerebrally stimulated
men are visual creatures they have to be
attracted to a woman before they can get
to know how amazing she is inside they
have to be a doodle date a popsicle
stick if it's got a wig the like it
doesn't matter that's why it's tough
because on the one hand you want to be a
feminist and you want to be like I don't
have to get ready for a man but that's
what they're attracted to just the
littlest bit everybody's got that one
girlfriend that's like I don't get it I
volunteer and I rescue animal very sweet
it's like a picture so ugly
so you have to just brush the hair just
anything one tooth
you know have to have it out there you
cannot check out your personality from
across the room that's all I'm saying
no man has ever done that no man's ever
seen a woman who say they're like
nibbling on her nubs with like a gill
and walked up and excuse me you're
hideous but you look like you might
enjoy Tom Clancy light nipple play and
barbeque is that true
[Applause]
and women do stuff to make themselves
physically attractive even if you're not
trying that hard most of the stuff we do
is just to get men's attention shiny
there why are you here shiny because it
makes you look fertile thanks Fantine
but that's why there's no reason other
to have it shiny other than to get
attention you're not like deflecting a
car like when you're running that's why
you want shiny hair big eyes look at me
look like a vagina and let boobs look
like a butt and my bollocks like boobs
how my missus fucking petite with me you
may not like it but women are cerebral
is simulated so that's why we're always
saying the number one thing we look for
in a man is a conversation right someone
I can talk to I've dated gutter goblins
who were just like really funny and
smart
it's what attracted sexy conversation
that's what someone I can talk to ah
just sit there and breathe Steve we need
that back and forth we have to be able
to talk and it's something that we need
and yet we're chastised for it ever been
called a Chatty Cathy by an idiot but
still every call that come up a couple
of girls just give it away oh I should
talk your ear off budget giblets in a
henhouse
no one says gypos in a handle that means
that chickens already dead
women are always chastised for talking a
lot the reason women talk goes back
thousands of years the reason women talk
a lot have a proclivity for speaking is
when men would go out and hunt and fight
and get animals otherwise no one is
hunting women stayed behind and we
raised the kids and me made food and
because the world wasn't really a thing
yet we exchanged survival secrets we
would tell each other things like oh
don't eat that berry
it'll make your husband's dick fall off
don't why put that leaf I found in my
studies that it really hurts your vagina
you had to exchange his information to
keep your tribe alive now that's Duvall
- what color lip gloss but it's the
exchange of information girls gather and
then share so guys when we're talking
and it bothers you just know we're
trying to make it so your dick doesn't
[Applause]
I'll say I'm a FEMINIST I'll say it oh
you know what I'll say it for the women
that don't know to say it and you might
not be comfortable with it
a lot of women out there like I love
being a woman but I'm not a feminist
like what are you a horse like what are
the other options let me clarify it for
the men and the women who might not have
a clear idea being a feminist means you
just want to be treated fairly you just
want it even no more no less maybe like
a little bit more you just want to get
the same and a lot of women don't like
to say that they're feminists because
they don't think it sounds attractive
right which is an inherently an issue in
and of itself because men think
feminists they have a bad idea of it
guys think feminists I think some
square-jawed broad with three chin hairs
and a power suit like I'm gonna kick you
in the dick and take your job it's not
what we want want it even if we're gonna
be feminists let's start with something
fun wage gap gotta close that but let's
start with something everybody wants to
deal with yeah let's start with porn
because even if you're a woman and you
love being a porn star it's still you
taking it for like three hours getting
paid 30% less and he's actually getting
off so let's make some feminist porn
let's see a board where girl kicks a
door and like who wants to lick it feet
your best time
[Applause]
that's so gross so off-brands roast now
Ilana everything all the girls are
cheering because in theory that's
empowering but in practice horrific that
would be horrible
no woman who is that halfway through the
second guy
[Applause]
don't worry I'm not mad I just need
don't you go order us a pizza fire my
Pinterest page let me ask you a question
this is for the girls in the audience
it's a very real question for a real
statement have you ever been have you
ever been having sex with your boyfriend
and you're not into it like obviously
and then all of a sudden you start to
get really excited not so much from
physical stimulation but because
mentally you're like
[Applause]
when it is done we shall go to the guys
you have to make sure her head is in the
game no pun intended but like pun
intended for sure I don't think we check
in with each other enough as opposite
sexes and men think cuz she's making the
noises they hear in the movie she must
be enjoying it and women are like I'm
making the noises let's fucking get this
over with you have to if you care about
the girl you got to make sure that she's
getting what she wants and girls the
best thing you can do if you have great
sex the best thing you can do the second
sex is over is not talk to him
sounds horrible it's actually to your
benefit that's not true boyfriend lying
next to you that is a husk of a man
depleted of all bodily fluids
incapable of giving you the answer you
deserve and I get it you just had sex
you're feeling great oxytocin is flowing
you just hosted a human being inside of
you you love him and you want to talk
about the future he can't do it you look
at him really oh my god what are you
thinking about he's laying there dust
like get him a Gatorade give him five
you can't answer you you're gonna be
like what are you thinking about he'll
never ever be like you in a wedding
dress but guys if you love your girl
check in with her cuz you're far away
she's all the way up there and you're
back here like oh my god I'm amazing
I'll bet she fucking loves this and
we're down there like wonderful laughs
Anderson's season
[Applause]
goodbye Siri is lavender calling mom
cell no sirree
the moral that story is I was in a
relationship and I wasn't happy so I
left the relationship I'm not advocating
for leaving the person you're with what
I am advocating for is this if you're
not happy there's no reason to stay out
of fear of being alone
we like to scare women and I'm sure
there are men that feel this way but we
like to scare women when they're single
and we like to be mean to them and we
label them we say mean things to them
she's a spinster old maid really
involved with animal rescue like we have
names like that and we like to question
them as if there's something wrong why
are you single because the last one was
a dick and I'm not stupid nobody wakes
up
nobody is born betrothed to someone we
have to be kinder to women and stop
doing it and we have the audacity to
have magazines self-help books articles
closing the question you're single now
what you're single now well what the
fuck do you mean what do you mean now
what now I shave off an eyebrow and take
up with wolves what do you mean now what
what do you mean now what I got a
mortgage but bitches get money
what upsets me is that women spent so
much time and energy vlogging themselves
mentally for being single and changing
and trying different methods and looking
for guys and men don't have to do that
they have the luxury of just relaxing
because they don't have eggs there are
no articles in GQ like you're single
know what there's none of that because
the answer would always be no I could
jerk off for I want no books be hashtag
sandwich good part about traveling for
the last year I've had more time for
myself more time for my research I don't
do research I just watch TV but I wear a
lab coat while I do it for the tax
write-off before we get out of here
before we conclude this TED talk
does everybody here watch Shark Tank
[Applause]
all I want what I want is a live episode
of shark tank that's what I want a live
episode it's a reality show but if you
watch it you'll notice it's heavily
edited heavily produced and what bothers
me is the presentations from the
entrepreneurs are too polished
there's no grit to them they come out
like a fifth grade Thanksgiving pageant
like the natives called it means we
bottled it I don't want to fucking see
that okay I want to see you mess up I
want to see you trick maybe you forget
your words maybe you chip a tooth I want
to see you crumble as an entity before
my eyes only then will I tolerate you
rising from the ashes with any degree of
hubris that's the way to consume
American reality TV this year shot
Android of watching someone shit
themselves on TV and then building that
back up that's what we'd like to see
okay these are cattle farmers from the
middle of Iowa and they get in front of
a camera and all of a sudden they're
Winston Churchill I don't buy it okay
I speak for a living and even I mess up
so there's no way these two fucking dye
jobs from ASU was like a new take on
cookies there's no way flawlessly
orbiting there are three archetypes of
women that they like to have on Shark
Tank they love to have moms because most
of us have moms oh it's crazy and like
creepy is that all the moms on Shark
Tank have the exact same voice it's a
little step for it in they all sound
like this hi sharks
my name is Nancy from Laguna Niguel and
I've discovered a new way to get your
toddler to eat their blueberries
that may have really smart women they do
still have brilliant women but it seems
that the smarter the woman
the longer the last name like they'll -
ate their last names I can't stand - and
last names if you're in this room and
you got a hyphenated last name drop it
okay
you're not Spanish royalty chopping I
barely care about your first name let
alone the entire questionable heritage
when you have a hyphenated last name all
that makes me think is that mama was a
big old strong lesbian and she didn't
want to give up her family inherits it
so she begrudgingly married your father
now they have an arrangement separate
twin beds and are like Co Women's
Studies professors are Wellesley that's
what that it's also just so much
information I'm trying to hear you your
valuation listen to the equity and
you're coming up there with a phone book
like hi sharks
my name is Michelle Lee did Julia
Friedman cereal and I'm Rebecca Lynn
Stacy Fitzgerald yang and together we
sound like five dudes like it's a lot of
information are you inventors or a law
firm like what is that
and then in the final category the toy
category we have the hot women not
attractive not cute hot d-damn tip hair
sometimes they do this they'll have very
smart women on show sometimes it feels
like the hot or the woman the dumber the
product and I believe it's done to keep
us in line but a lot of time the women's
products will have to do with one of two
categories it's either wrangling your
femininity sharks it's a flat you put
over your vagina sand no one knows you
have one
boom through the workplace with these or
it's a product so stupid it will just
confirm any preconceived notions you
might have about female intelligence
like shark it's a shower cap that you
can wear while you're cooking so your
hair doesn't smell
you just send this back like a week with
that shit let's see but that's the one
that I'd like to see live the hot one
because I believe watching an attractive
woman
mentally unravel on national television
is the reason we all watch reality TV
up next are two sisters from Scottsdale
Arizona with a new take on Chico Chico
[Music]
hi sharks
my name's Madison duh it's always been
Madison right and this is my sister
Michaela right I say Michaela like it
obviously and together we are the
inventors creators and CEOs um but you
back again spike
[Applause]
we can't soar over its alive we can't
sir can we start over
No oh yeah look at you I'm not yelling
I'm a fucking live deep I'm not making
it about me you're making it about me
making it about you making it about me
and I'm not thinking about me in the
first circuit I'm drunk are you trying
to make this oh my god okay just say
that I will do it I will do it just stay
there stay there I will handle it just
stay there you fucking casualty okay the
other day my sister and I were at home
eating popcorn and crying and we got
down to the bottom of the bag and shake
shake shake what was left at the bottom
all the unpopped kernels that's what my
sister and I decided that we should put
your fucking bag
[Applause]
fucking nice right
to keep this family together do not
understand this is nothing like my daddy
guy you are being a bit up there Barbara
in high school it turned out to be day
no I'd say careful okay tell you don't
do it you want to talk about your
birthday gonna Buffy Michaela good
you're 40 for the third time you're a
fucking
[Applause]
[Applause]
maybe and you why are the walls now you
lay right in keeping the other this
happens every time you open your fucking
whore mouth I'm using I am using the
tabular that dr. Goldstein told us to
use I am requesting that you hear my
desire to communicate in an open way
[Music]
[Music]
this is a big deal we put everything we
put everything did you really know
[Music]
because we spent all her money on our
first company and shit what was your
first company camera still on
do you remember when um fuck it's like
stuck right here you ever when our
country went through a recession and
everybody was losing their homes and
their money my sister and I decided that
rather than save up or go back to school
we would do what every other girl
without a marketable skill did we opened
up a cupcake company
[Applause]
[Music]
take a fucking rocket science agree to
shit out like an okay cupcake and like
no one's gonna say no to a tough game
like people will spend their last dollar
their doctor to be like no thank you a
cop take my day so caper minute who we
were beating people these cupcakes and
they were like upside down on their
houses and they were jobless if we were
feeding these depressed people cupcakes
and it's a scientific fact that obesity
and depression have a direct correlation
we were just feeding the belly of the
beast from within the belly of the beast
and capitalizing often people needed
answers they needed a viable option for
a whole line of credit not a butter
cream put your fucking back against mine
I swear to Christ Michaela