the day you get to big man oh that's
right this is prayers gotta be 8 by 8
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome Jeff
Foxworthy
[Applause]
how are you
[Applause]
beautiful fan theater in Minneapolis and
we have been suitable here so thankful
you showed up tonight because we need
you we do what we call the thing good
that we've been thinking to her because
as we think about stuff we either have
to get a psychiatrist or we need you to
help us work through it all right first
example this one's pretty recent last
Thursday my brother lives next door to
me his oldest daughter is in medical
school she's in her third year best oh
so in your third year you have to do
everything and then your fourth year you
kind of specialize so my brother told me
last thirsty she called home to let him
know that that name had been prostate
check day he gets better
there are 60 people in her class they
all check the same guy this guy's ruled
in a bowl right here the guy told him he
said he'd been doing this for 40 years
and that over the last 40 years he had
had his prostate checked thousands and
thousands of times I'm thinking you're
not doing this for the money are you
[Applause]
and here's the deal I don't feel bad for
him he signed up for it
you know I feel bad for his mother and
I'll tell you why because every week
this woman has to go out to lunch with
her friends and her friends are like
well I guess what is Billy doing now
well he is working all the time but he
said it is wearing his house out here's
the other thing I got to thinking about
you know when they check it and when
maybe the women don't know this but they
got the glove and then they put that
tape that jelly 60 applications of jelly
there is no way this guy can drive home
from this event
he can't stay on the seat you know
[Applause]
and he can't walk home because if he
thought so have a trail of bubbles
behind them little kids chasing and
trying to pop up
[Applause]
these are the kind of things we think
about well I haven't decided if I'm
running for president or not yeah
starting to say I'm not qualified but
this time around it doesn't really
matter
[Applause]
what his I mean like all y'all I watched
this stuff every day and it amuses me
that all these candidates they just keep
promising to people more and more and
more and he's not watching I think
that's not really the problem that we
have in America we don't need more we
have so much stuff now we can't even
enjoy the people we love what we need is
more common sense and so if I was
running what I would do is use some
common sense and start taking away some
of the stupid stuff we don't need
I'd call them no more day number one no
more picking up dog poo it's a critter
so we're on the top of the food chain
no other animal picks up at nowhere
animals two monkeys pick up their own
and through it but that kind of the
comedians of the animal world and
they're just trying to make the school
kids laugh but they have a rule in my
neighborhood if you walk your dog and
your dog does his business in somebody
else's yard you need to get a little
plastic bag pick it up and dispose of it
so you drive through my neighborhood and
there's all these are attractive women
walking around with poopoo purses and I
know that dogs are confused the dogs
like wait a minute you're taking it back
home
why did we have to walk three blocks
I could have pooped in the living room
safe this Beauchemin ferrets fertilizer
it makes the grass grow Lord is not like
some child is going to step in with a
kid and played in the yard since 1982
you know what's sad we have an entire
generation that has no idea how to get
don't boo bump the bottom of their shoe
but when I was growing up we played in
the yard every day and every day
somebody stepped in don't put it and
when it was your turn you knew what to
do about it
you would hobble over to the curb
and scrape the biggest part off on the
edge of the curb then you would find a
puddle and you would swirl the bottom of
your shoe around in the bud then limp
over to the grass to the brush stroke
back before
[Applause]
and you would sit down on the curb and
you would pick it out of the zigzag
pattern then you wear the shoes to
church the next day and nobody in that
church knew you'd stepped in Taunton so
no more no more picking up dog poo
no more sugar-free cookies going to the
drive-in movie by yourself you can do it
but it ain't ending and a smile you're
an adult if you want a cookie eat a
cookie if you want sugar free eat celery
we're wasting valuable cookie dough
won't sugar-free cookies know but then
you hear this a lot in an election year
like this year all of them talk about
the war on women leads blame each other
for having a mortal woman that which is
stupid this is a media thing nobody
would have a war on women because they
would never win an election
common sense if there is any war on
women it's men fighting with each other
trying to get a woman because everybody
loves women and you know why every man
wants a woman because women are in sole
possession of the most valuable thing on
the planet
a brain
these two get along miss Eckland
well guess what they owned all of that
too
which i think is part of God's great
plan see I think God created women to
guide men through life but God knew men
were hard-headed and men weren't gonna
listen to women so God gave women that
other stuff just to make us pay
attention I just think he may have
underestimated how powerful the other
stuff was going to be to live in the
Garden of Eden God says to them you will
never be hungry you'll never be thirsty
you'll never be sick you'll never die
I'm gonna come by every afternoon and go
for a walk with you there's something
what really to live here don't eat the
fruit off of that one tree now God did
no more than gotten in his car and
driven off when Eve walked over to the
tree and picked an apple and looked at
him and said I think we should eat this
and he looked at her standing there
naked and went hey yeah but if you want
to that day if God put her in a flannel
nightgown we might all be living in
paradise today no more reality TV shifts
if I want to watch the day-to-day life
of unattractive uneducated people I will
hang out with my own family thing
[Applause]
no more breast reduction surgery I mean
why should I be penalized just because
your back hurts come on no more
commercials where some law group is
trying to get some money to sue somebody
else we are the most soo happy nation on
earth which is why our car insurance is
so expensive which is why our medical
insurance is so expensive all the
lawsuits and it started with cars have
you been in a car accident do you know
someone that's been in a car accident
have you ever heard about a car accident
now it's everything has a woman with a
vaginal mesh implant giving you the
prescription drug fin fin which caused
you to develop mesothelioma if so you
could be owed millions I just remember
that happened to me last summer yes sir
no more parents at Little League games
we tried it it doesn't work
children's recreational sports were
started for kids to have fun
it is the grown-ups that took the fun
out of it
seriously parents no more serious
clearance no more yelling at the coaches
the coaches are not the reason your
child is not going to play professional
sports your genetics are the reason your
child is not going to play professional
sports no more trophies for everybody
no more not keeping score seriously no
matter how badly you don't want to hurt
somebody's feelings the truth in life is
there are winners and there are losers
you don't believe me let's get in my car
and go to Walmart after midnight Walmart
after midnight makes the walking dead
look like America's Next Top Model
[Applause]
no more leg people over 65 forward
emails they can use the internet that
just can't forward emails they cannot
contain themselves they forward
everything I spent hours a day deleting
the emails of my father-in-law and my
mother and my father laws are always the
political ones if you don't send this to
a million people tonight you are not an
American no it's gonna watch TV but this
is going to take a while and my mother's
are always the humorous ones which keep
miss labels in the subject line so hat
funniest thing I've ever seen
no it's not mother it's two kittens in
the clothes basket it best it's mildly
amusing and you're distracting me from
surfing the web looking for nursing
homes within driving distance
[Applause]
when it comes to technology my wife and
I laugh about this because we're the
mid-fifties you my wife says we're the
baloney in the technology baloney
sandwich we're right in the middle
because her parents can't tax and our
children can't write my kids don't even
think you need to study there like that
if you want to know something you just
google it and to a point they're right I
mean when I was growing up if you were
watching TV and somebody said what was
that guy in he'd go well he looks for me
here that was it now you watch the TV so
I guess what was that pants I'm gonna go
he was the janitor on Joey of course he
was but I tell my kids yeah there's a
lot of stuff you can learn from Google
Austin but there's just as much stuff
you can't learn from Google you only
learn it from life experience you
usually learn most up at the hard way
it's stuff that it's not goo goo boo I
don't know that's a word
but I call them the facts of life it's
tough you can't like this fact alive if
you were trying to get to the bathroom
in an emergency situation
it is not a wise idea to unbutton your
pants in transit trying to save a couple
of seconds because the muscles that
guard the floodgates will interpret the
end buttoning is the signal to abandon
their post and the two seconds you saved
on the button are nullified by the hour
and a half you spit mopping and doing
laundry you only learn that the hard way
back to life out of all the serials
Captain Crunch it's the most time
intensive here's what I'm talking about
you eat it too soon after you pour the
milk on and you will rip the root for
your mouth to switch you wait too long
after you pour the milk on and the
captain will put a film on your teeth a
wire brush get river
[Applause]
back to life you can have a wife with
long beautiful hair or you can be on
time
fact of life if a cable or satellite
company promises you something for free
in six months you are going to get a
bill that looks like Ron White's bar tab
fact of life it takes more than two
people to play the who farted game well
if there's only two of you you know the
truth and they know the truth and
speaking of which how come anytime you
just try to sneak one out as soon as you
let it go somebody walks right into it
you can feel it brewing you could get on
a plane fly to South America go to the
Arctic Circle get on a dogsled 300 miles
to the South Pole look around not a
living thing in sight soon as you let it
go hey Jeff release your car oh my god
what'd you eat dog food
[Music]
fact of life if you are going to see a
scary movie at the movie theater it will
be much more entertaining if you can
find a seat directly behind a group of
black women because not only will you
get the scary movie you will also get
their running commentary of the scary
movie look at this you run around her
panties like that girl put some girls on
hook that hair up oh he smashed that we
backed oh hey can you see this
girlfriend she going back in right now
oh she going down to the basement go get
your shit and get out
[Applause]
[Applause]
back to life if you like him she might
be in the mood your kids will sensitive
and won't go to bed for three years
[Applause]
talking about kids back to life the more
kids you have the worse your parenting
becomes people that only have one child
are making homemade baby food out of
organic vegetables they're grilling in
their own backyard by the time that poor
child rolls around you're smoking a
cigarette while you watch your toddler
pull a hero milk dud out from under the
stove and evening get the cat hair off
of it before you put it in your mouth
come on
fact of life out of all the dinosaurs
the Tyrannosaurus Rex was the meanest
because his arms were too short to reach
his wiener
[Applause]
that is a medically proven fact that
will make you angry
[Applause]
and you'll never watch Jurassic Park the
same way again back to life if you're
driving down the interstate and you come
up behind that old pickup truck that has
like 13 wooden pallets stacked in the
bank and they're held together by like
two ready
bungee cords we all say the same prayer
dear God do not let those bungee cords
break until I get around this guy what
happens to them we don't really worry
about but I need to get around fact of
life when your kids go off to college
you need to be concerned about the
excessive drinking the wild sex the
sleeping till noon and you need to worry
your kids might be doing the same thing
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you like 100 percent of the black
men that shave their heads look really
cool 50 percent of the white guys have
shaved their heads look like they just
murdered their parents
[Applause]
and you're thinking of somebody right
now aren't you
back to life
flying on an airplane makes you gassy
nobody ever talks about this
nobody ever acknowledges this we just
take our little roll around suitcase and
walk to the baggage claim popping them
off like a trail horse
okay let me do what makes me feel better
when I write this stuff I don't know if
it's just me or not
but when you laugh like that and start
punching each other I know there's
others in the club
and I think that's what Tia says always
in such a bad mood
by the way fact of life if you wake
yourself up with a snore the first thing
you do is look around to see who's
laughing at you
fact of life when your wife or
girlfriend gets tipsy there is a very
fine line between her talking dirty to
you and sleeping like a hibernating bear
you wait'll we get home tonight mister
[Music]
and once she crosses the line you ain't
gettin her back it's like the paramedics
put the paddle on my body with no head
you're wasting your time make me wake up
for like one minute one minute
fact of life women always have more
questions than minimum answers food
great example of this six seven months
ago I get a text one day the text says
please pray for Tommy he's done bad
bread I walked into the kitchen where my
wife is I said hey I just got a text
sent please pray for Tommy was in a bad
read she said was he driving I said I
don't know I just got a text to please
pray for Tommy was that a bad read we're
caroling the kids in the car with him I
don't know I just got a text it please
pray for diamonds in a bad wreck where
the people in the other car hurt I don't
know I just got a text said please pray
for Tommy was in a minute break what
hospital did they take the potato I
don't know I just got texted please read
for Tom he was in a bad wreck she said
well you don't know anything what do you
know I know you need to break her Tom I
just got a text any without a bad
so my god ain't holding anything back
that's it people point in each other
here
women have questions I remember last
year where these friends talked to a
rough spot in their marriage so my wife
told me she wanted me to go play golf
with him to find out what's going on
eight hours later I come home she's late
well as the well we get in a golf course
and we went to the driving range first
so we're sitting there hitting balls and
I say to him I said so how are things at
home and he said that's my report
be nice to me thing else no we start
talking about football after that she's
like how can men be so emotionally
unattached I said well that's just the
way we're we're we can't afford to be
emotionally attached not the way we talk
to each other this is the way men talk
to our friends the guys we love the most
a gal will be walking to the street to
see one of his best friends say my shirt
John have a yard sale
what the hell do you weigh now but two
times good guy dude either salad your
ball hit it fat
I said we talked to our friends I told
my wife if women talk to their friends
the way men talk to our friend Sheldon
never get out of bed it would be fun to
watch them Phyllis is that I'm banging
on your leg or a tattoo of the Amazon
River Judy I love those stretch pants
did you drop a bag of marbles in the
back of them
[Applause]
stretch fancy like George Washington
they cannot tell a lie fact that like
you listen much more closely to a
butt-dial than you will an actual phone
call when somebody buys me I will stay
on the phone like 10 or 15 minutes
trying to catch them doing something
[Applause]
it's only pay off one time I got a buddy
named perk he's a carpenter he wears
this phone on the clip bonus belt so
many times puts his hands on his hips he
bucked on somebody so what they perk but
now it's men I don't have anything to do
so I'm just listening to it I'm here I'm
walking around them and I hear a door
open and hear door closed and then I
hear a lid go up begin the mature adult
I and I go running down the hall I find
my wife I'm like put it on speakerphone
me and my wife sit there and listen to
my buddy urinate halfway through it we
heard my wife starts laughing so hard
she wet her pants
which i think is God's Way of saying
verily verily do not listen to these at
but now ye fact of life you do not want
a kidney stone you may want to fall
Wiener first in the badger hole but you
do not want to kidney stuff how many
people have had a kidney stone Oh quite
a few
how many people have fallen Wiener first
in a banker home here's how I know you
don't want a kidney stone about six
months ago I'm in the Turner store get a
new terrorist from a truck I'm at the
counter paying for him build great all
the sudden Slyke Chuck Norris kicked me
in the back
I made a noise I was like I didn't say
it was a masculine noise I've said it
wasn't hard but ten seconds later he hit
me again
well Dewayne the kid that is ringing me
up at the cash register looks at me and
says and I quote hey I know dr. which
caught me off guard I mean he did
I just assumed that he was and he didn't
like wearing his stethoscope
while he was changing the tires because
I ain't no doctor but I think you've got
a kidney stone cause my brother had one
that's what he acted like and it's not
that I didn't trust Ewings diagnosis but
I got to thinking you know Jeff you have
a little money why not get a second
opinion so
so I have a buddy mr. urologist so I
called him I said do not think I might
have a kidney stone he said we'll come
in we'll take an x-ray so they go in and
take the x-ray he comes out and he
thinks he's the comedian and he's like
well again good news and bad news he
said the good news is you don't have a
kidney stone bad news is you have and
one of them is huge well he then
proceeds to give me an anatomy lesson he
said the stones form and the kidneys he
said they don't hurt when they're there
he said but from the kidneys they passed
through a tiny tube called the ureter
down to the bladder and he said a big
stone can be five or six times wider
than the ureter in the word stone they
need to rename it it's misleading
because we hear some you think smooth
the river rock gently tongue lately a
kidney stone looks nothing like that a
kidney stone
looks like a ninja Death Star it's got
spikes and claws and blades and hooks so
it's not sliding anywhere it is cutting
through nerves and muscles and blood
vessels and any sick person a big one
was the equivalent of trying to get a
porcupine to walk backwards through a
garden hose
so you can see where there might be some
discomfort and I really thought I knew
what pain was before this I remember
when I was about 20 I'm spending the
night at a buddy's house and I got a
little night go get a glass of water and
I didn't turn the light on and I hit my
little toe on their coffee table I broke
it 90 degrees sad was not the nail
completely off I laid in the floor and
set the f-word 148 times in a row next
to a kidney stone that made that seem
like a bubble bath with Jennifer Aniston
see the thing only hurts when it moves
you just never knew what it was going to
move I mean you feel great you'd be
talking to people we brother Jeff what
are you working on I'm like well I was
just out in LA filming some more of the
American Bible challenge oh boy he takes
that show seriously that name but the
pain was not I really like doctors say
it's the equivalent of a woman giving
birth with no meds any women here giving
birth in here to kidney stone
both you've had both which one was worse
giving birth what about you giving birth
here's my argument as defense attorney
for the kidney stone
a year or two after having a baby
a woman will say you know what I'm about
ready to have another child
you never hear a man say well I'm about
quit puking and crying I think I'll
drink a case of coca-cola and see if I
can work up another kidneys down and
when my daughter sold a big one he
immediately start writing me a
prescription for percocet and I hardly
ever take cash but I'm like dude you're
wasting your time I am NOT taking
percocet well that thing started moving
I was eating percocet like they were
peanut M&Ms; I went from being doctor
eyes to Keith Richards in three seconds
and one night the pain was so bad I'm
tired
I told my wife I said you got to take me
to the hospital purposes it's not making
a dent in that so she drops me off there
at the emergency room he sure does he
parked the car and I walk in and I walk
up to the desk and the nurse said so
what's wrong with you
and I said I have a kidney stone and she
can see yes where are you gonna be
waiting a long time to not behind I said
no man you don't understand I said I and
then the worst man my wife she said well
you just feel like you don't die but
it's not
and that's the boy you don't have a lot
of sympathy there she said oh you're
looking for sympathy baby that is in the
dictionary between shit and syphilis
[Applause]
she's right I mean it is but she just
sends me the clipboard to fill out so I
go in the waiting room I sit down next
to a guy that's got a knife in his head
he's got a knife sticking in his head
I'm like oh my god were you in a fight
he said no I have a kidney stone I did
this to myself trying to get
[Applause]
and sometimes when it when it would
would would move it would land in such
way it would block the urine string
which and then that your durwood balloon
out and it was the weirdest thing
because she's not like you're gonna wet
your pants when do when you win holy cow
did it hurt still have your brace like
you better go to the bathroom you're
gonna embarrass yourself you go wet your
pants the kidney stone was like that
Somali pirate in the movie captain
Phillips going look at me I am the
captain of the ship now I make the rules
and the head you peek through a strainer
does it make you pee through history cuz
they want to find out what the stones
made of so they can take that out of
your diet so I felt like you know at
Christmas when you watch the old rudolph
thing that that the prospector Yukon
Courtney that's what I felt like nothing
so you know this went on for six weeks
six weeks everyday I was in this pain
and you know the thing would Lodge and
it blocked the year and then it would
move and it would hurt and then all of a
sudden I hit about four days for it I
felt great and I thought well did I miss
it in the strainer or maybe I passed it
and so I went back to the doctor and
they took another x-ray well the thing
had lodged right in a bend in the
England ureter next to the bladder but
because it was lodged it wasn't moving
so it didn't hurt and it wasn't blocking
the urine stream and I'm like hey let's
leave it there till the Lord comes back
but the doctors looking at the x-ray
because I don't like where that thing is
that he said I'm gonna give me about a
week to pass it and if you don't we're
gonna have to go get it I have a
question
when you say go get it what can a trip
were we talking about that
he said when we get this flexible metal
cord that has a retractable claw at the
end of it he said we'll run that cord up
the exit only ram through the bladder he
said we'll grab that stone and we won't
drag it out kicking and screaming he
said once we get it out we'll put a
stent in that claw go right back in a
second time and insert that spin into
the walls of the ER door which by now
quite honestly have lost the will to
live he said we'll leave it in there for
three or four days we'll go back in a
third time grab that stent in thank you
you know even thinking since they
outlawed waterboarding this has got to
be what they are doing to get terrorists
to talk
so where's Ben Laden I do not know all
right we're going to get that little
metal cord with a call and see if we
can't find a kidney stop oh you sons of
the beaches on the corner the decoders
you will find him upstairs last bedroom
on the left I've got an idea of three
trips with the claws scared the Willy
out of me I'm like I'll do anything to
avoid this I read online they said
cranberry juice might help you pass one
I'm good lended I am jumping on the
trampoline I am doing anything to get
rid of this stone and avoid the claw and
it must have worked cause couple nights
later my wife and I watching TV I got up
at one point and go to the restroom
and right in the middle of it I hate
just a just real quick sharp pain you
know y'all I look down and there is this
spiky little pea-sized marble rolling
down the inside of the toilet towards
the hole and my mother always says Jeff
you don't have to tell everything
and I'm like mom there's good money in
it trust me right that being said I'm
not proud of this but when I solve the
thing about to go down the hole I
panicked
and so I turn and when I turned up go
over the wall and the bathroom including
a brand new roll of toilet paper
I stuck my arm and that warm toilet
water I grabbed that thing in that
folder now I stick my pants up I marched
down the hall into the living room I
witness my man halt I took down my
People's Choice Award