ladies
thank you
much
nice to be back in Cincinnati
special city special night
special boots I bought new boots for the
show can you see those blue stingray
bush boots that make a stink and that's
taken videos you can't give rednecks
money those that's the kind of stuff we
do in there right there open up a
savings account hello goodbye some blue
stingray food couple of weeks ago I was
playing at a casino in Mississippi which
by the way is the only place in America
where you can shoot craps and doves
within 10 feet of each other and I was
standing off the side of the stage in
one of the states Han said man well then
boots made out uh I said they're
stingray he said are they waterproof now
he Dre on that's how I came about it now
without only did our five blue stingray
boots I wore them out of the store see
that's another big redneck trait we mess
up the we go we're within 24 hours just
because you see a red that come out of a
store without a bag doesn't mean we
didn't make a purchase you didn't get
nothing no I got some underwear I just
put it on them but I have always
admitted to being a redneck to me the
definition of redneck is a glorious
absence of sophistication and it can be
temporary or it can be permanent but
most of us are guilty of it at least
from time to time then not long ago I
was reading this magazine article where
somebody claimed that there was a
shortage of sophisticated people in this
country which I took to mean there was
an abundance of people like me and I
started thinking about the differences
and they are vast y'all like
sophisticated people invest their money
in stock portfolios rednecks
invest our money in commemorative plates
yeah this the legends of NASCAR series
right there
it's probably our personal favorite
Richard Petty hugging his mom I can
order look of course that still learn
Hardy wasn't in a record nothing this is
some ketchup on his phone
same rednecks thinks mutual funds means
everybody's having a good time
sophisticated people have retirement
plans
rednecks play the lottery that's our
plan and when we hit the pick-6 we're
going to add a room onto the trailer so
we don't have to sleep with Jim's daddy
no more sophisticated people go to art
auctions rednecks we have yard sales and
the difference is an art auctions the
sale price is slowly working its way up
not at a yard champ thank you got enough
patience you can get a house full of
furniture for a buck twenty-five
I love yard sales my wife and I get up
early on the weekends trying to beat
other people to this stuff these people
are selling junk out of their garage
they don't want we dig through it like
we're gonna find priceless treasures
excuse me what are these right here
oh those those are Tupperware lids that
have been warped in the dishwasher eight
for a time what the hell are we all
doing warped Tupperware lids give you a
nickel form
we don't really often we just need some
stuff for the yard sale we're having
next weekend sophisticated people go to
restaurants that require reservations
rednecks go to restaurants that require
we drive around to the second window
please hey listen could you supersize
them fries for the little woman it's our
anniversary
not only am i redneck I'm married into
rednecks
all my wife's family is from Louisiana
which makes them rednecks with hot sauce
and Louisiana has guaranteed the best
food on this planet as long as you don't
ask too many questions about what you're
eating
I've seen her elephants hit boiling pots
with wooden spoons going to get back in
now get back in that puck right down now
remember a couple of months ago when
they had all the floods in Louisiana my
wife and I were watching this on CNN and
I told her I said you watch they're
gonna find the biggest stupidest idiot
they found in the whole state and
they're gonna show him walking chest
deep in water down Main Street and they
did
and it was my wife's cousin day
walking chests even one holding an
umbrella
I just leaving her class gotta make you
proud right here then it that's your
bloodline walking down the street and
then I started thinking about my kids
and it made me kind of worried because
you make stagnant pond water with raw
sewage you ain't getting heavy on
speaking of offspring I have two little
girls that I am very proud of hi thank
you
love those little girls and I am amazed
at how smart they are
my oldest went on her fifth birthday got
a computer not only got a computer can
use it do you remember what we got when
we turn five that little wooden paddle
with a rubber band and the red ball on
the end of it that was a brain builder
one one two one two three one two you
play within about five times the rubber
band would snap the ball would fly
rougher and break something you get a
spanking with a pair
no wonder we turned out this way and
nowadays you can't even spank your kids
you got to give him a timeout now my dad
would take time out of his busy day to
whip our ass
you bet my dad would touch his belt but
we died through a plate-glass window
I just kidding y'all get back in the
house come on in here now I was playing
with you come on
but I have amazed at how smart my kids
are and how dumb I am I am 39 years old
I thought I would be smarter than this
at this point in my life I really did
and I know that I ought to be working on
it I ought to be watching the news and
things but but the truth is the news has
become so depressing I can't hardly look
at it anymore
and this got to the point if it doesn't
happen to Americans I don't worry about
it too much the other night I was
watching the news and it said this bus
in Pakistan went over a cliff carrying
300 people and I was like good lord
how did you get free
somebody had to be shitting on the
laughing that thing
once it becomes a physics problem it
takes a little bit of the emotional
sting out of it but the things that I'm
talking about not knowing they're not
mystery to the universe it's just stuff
I thought I would know by the time I was
39
hell I don't even know how jello works
let me tell you what I'm talking about
any other liquid that you put into the
refrigerator or the freezer and it turns
into a solid if you'll take it back out
it will go back to a liquid not jello
once jello becomes yellow it is jello
for eternity the only possible way to
turn it back into a liquid is to put it
in your mouth and go
actually I do feel better than so many
of you know what I'm talking about check
that one off the list they say I told
that joke the other night is somebody
done press it it will go back to a
liquid if you put it in the microwave
how do you acquire this knowledge
you're sitting around with friends
eating jello and somebody says ooh boy
this jello is good and she said if you
think it's good cold house you ought to
put it in the microwave this woman's out
there driving tonight that scares the
hell outta me
I still don't know how they know how
long to make the cord for the first
bungee jump at a new place I did let him
jump alright add shorten it up a little
bit hey and give his girlfriend a free
t-shirt
I still don't know why my dentist makes
me lie to him
when did the news few weeks ago he's
looking in my mouth he said you haven't
been flossing every day heavy I said no
not every day let's see the last time I
flushed you did it
I still don't know how come you only
lose expensive sunglasses do you pay a
lot of money for a pair of sunglasses
those things will disappear quicker than
a p-channel Weight Watchers convention
and you pop it see pose you cannot get
rid of them
I am convinced you could be on a cruise
in the middle of the ocean wearing a
pair of cheap booze if you looked at the
side of the boat and they fell into the
water a scuba diver would come up on
somebody loose apparently found a pair
of cheapest luck in the bottom but you
always lose your expensive sunglasses
and the cases that cassette tapes come
in I know when I bought them every
consent that I had had a case now I got
500 tapes
three cases and whoever stealing my good
sunglasses in my cassette cases is
leaving me keys because I've got keys
I've got keys to crap up never room
you put all my keys together I could be
a high school janitor tonight
I'm talking about losing stuff actually
I think it's very big of me as a man to
admit that I do lose things because you
know what men normally say some I stole
that I do that a lot walk around the
house somebody stole the remote control
my wife like that's right Jeff somebody
broke into our home passed up the
jewelry and stole your remote control
not only that they get the case to the
Doobie Brothers who said we're wife now
of course she's not much better you know
what she bought me for Christmas this
year
a portable safe
to say freeze the hassle of gathering up
your belongings it's the portable shave
with an easy tote handle so they can
take it back to the thieves den and
figure out the combination at their
leisure the portable safe by Ronco
and talking about losing things I love
this when somebody loses him you ask him
later did they find it and they say yeah
and you and they go it was in the last
place I love
I sure as hell hope so
Terri's you find your wallet yeah but
I'm still looking for it just in case
we're living in a parallel universe or
something I still don't know how come my
daughters only pull their dresses over
the top of their head when I introduce
them to somebody important to me girls
say hello to Reverend Leonard
so hey you like the beauty and the
beast' panties here sharp yeah they get
snow white back at the house me I'm
wearing Lion King look
I still don't know how much is the
appropriate amount for a urine sample
why won't they just put a line on that
car
every time I met the doctor I'm in the
bathroom for 20 or 30 minutes having our
argument with myself now but that's too
much I take that out there start
laughing I am gonna pour a little bit of
that back oh yeah but they need more
than that I'll pop that off
and you're never confident with what you
take them because you either taken the
one with four or five drops in the
bottom of the other one that looks like
a cold frosty beer there you go ladies
first rounds on me
if you want another one I'll be in mind
and we're sitting on the table with a
paper on it a lot of things that don't
know few things I do know I do know that
I'm a very lucky man
I I just celebrated my 13th wedding
anniversary with my wonderful wife
I am totally committed to this woman
some people say why totally committed I
say well you see those dead possums in
the middle of the road they were
partially committed say what marriage is
one of those games nothing in life
prepares you to be married he kind of
learn as you go and and you're going to
goof up you just hope you avoid the big
goof ups tell you what I mean by being
not long ago I was watching this thing
on one of those 20/20 Dateline something
like that it said coming up the story of
a man that was married for 23 years to
someone he thought was a woman only to
recently discover they were in fact
another man never returned this
gentleman talks about his mistake that
they're going must play we've all made
mistakes you forget to rewind the
videotape before you think about the
blockbuster that's a mistake
but you're made for 23 years to somebody
you think is a woman and they end up
being a man you have ski battled past
mistake
you have slammed head-on into faux pas
23 years just seems like there have been
some kind of Klu all the way doesn't it
Carolyn you need to lift the him out of
the skirt you wainy showing
you
that all is not well in the kingdom
that's our clue
so thankfully I have avoided the big
mistakes and hopefully I've learned from
my other ones like I know early on in
our marriage when my wife would say to
me we need to talk I would make the
mistake of talking and every time I
would talk I would get my butt in more
and more trouble now after 13 years I
have learned when she says to me we need
to talk I handle it the exact same way I
do when a police officer walks up to my
car window I look straight ahead I give
short yes or no answers until I find out
what I'm being accused of cuz there is
no sense in pleading guilty to a crime
they don't know about yet
somewhere along the way I learned
honesty is not always the best policy
one night my wife and I were watching
that movie Steel Magnolias and it gets
to the part where Julia Roberts dies and
my wife is crying I mean serious crying
tearing up a box of Kleenex crying that
kind of crime that doesn't even make
noise just
and I'm sitting there staring at or
trying to figure out how much is the
proper amount of grieving time till I
can switch over to SportsCenter and she
says to me don't you think this is sad I
thought yes sad if I was married to
Julia Roberts as she died I'd be crying
too that's first thing I thought not the
first thing I said just the first thing
I thought and then she looked at me and
she said if I ever died would you get
remarried no baby
no can do after being married to you no
other woman could ever come close
she said that's not the answer I was
like you ever have that dream when
you're taking a test you haven't studied
for sheezy if I thought I want you to
promise me you'll get remarried are you
teasing no I want you to promise me for
the sake of our children you will get
remarried okay
but just for the sake of the children
hey you don't think the kids mind having
a young stepmom with some big ol
hootings dead
I'm better at truth all tasty food ball
turned good if those come on
see like I said I had not studied for
that particular test
early in our relationship if my wife and
I would be in the same room together for
a half hour and she wouldn't say a word
to me I would look at her and go what's
wrong hoping that it was something other
than me now I have learned if we're in
the same room for a half hour together
she doesn't say a word to me it's me
they all just talk after I go baby I
realized that I'll have done or said
something really stupid and insensitive
and while I don't yet know what it is I
would like the chance to go up in my
room and think about it for a little bit
see it married you just have to learn
the rules in rule number one if she
ain't happy you ain't happy
who doesn't make it less true and if she
ain't happy long enough you're gonna be
unhappy with half your stuff say I
learned early on that women are
complicated creatures and once I
understood that it made everything a lot
easier for me but I had found that
because women are complicated they like
to think men are complicated - I've
heard women talking with each other oh I
wish I knew what he was really thinking
well I'd like to know what he's really
thinking well ladies tonight I will tell
you what we really think it we are
really thinking I'd like a beer and I'd
like to see something naked
that's it
I wish it was deeper than land
from the age of 15 to the grave that's
it not like a beer and I'd like to see
something naked you go to a nursing home
you see a 90 year old man going down the
hall on a walker that's what he's
thinking right like a beer not like to
see strong naked oh my
and I do believe women understand men
better than men understand women what do
you think think about that and how often
do you see a man stomp out of the room
crying and a woman going wide
but if women understand men better it's
because they study us
you ever seen women's magazines and the
articles on them it's always things like
how to get a good man how to get rid of
a bad man how to turn a bad man into a
good man never look at mass magazines
it's nothing but pictures of naked women
that's right they're killers and she is
who shall I give me a bear
I'm not going to believe men would take
advice about relationships but we're not
going to read magazine articles about it
you got to give it to us in some form
where we'd accept it
now sneak it into the play-by-play of
ballgames and their strike three Greg
Maddux really looking good today and
speaking of looking good fella's from
time to time your woman needs to be
reminded that she's still looking good
to you hey baby
haven't told you lately you are as
pretty as Greg manage
baby I love reading women's magazines I
always feel like I'm spying on the enemy
I was reading one on the on the plane
ride up here and there was this thing in
there were these women nationwide had
sent in their responses to the survey
and one of the questions was they were
asked to name their number one type of
fantasy man and you know what the number
one answer was a dangerous man
I said yeah see I thought about that I
think when would that when they wrote
that and they must have been thinking
about somebody like James Bond or
something now that's why it's a fantasy
because in reality when you get a
dangerous man you're on an episode of
cops in a tube top hanging out of
trailer door going lackeys
you better not touch my cigarettes woman
you hear me
fantasy reality I will say this in 13
years my wife and I have created a
beautiful home together by that I mean
she created it and we're together
basically we do have a beautiful home
and it's all my wife's do and everything
in it she went out found it she bought
it she brought it home
I'm the mule still come home and she
said there's a grandfather clock in the
back of the truck I'm like yeah people
go through our house ago it's a
beautiful table is it rosewood I go I
don't know but it's heavy as hell let me
tell you who I like it killed myself
getting that in here
but because my wife has created this
wonderful home there's something within
me as a man of the family I do feel like
I have to protect the place that's just
a male instinct we always got to protect
our step even if it's not worth
protecting and we want to protect it
you've seen people have like a piece of
crap pinto with a club on the steering
wheel somebody breaks the window steals
the club leaves the Pinto and a pilot
laughs but since the beginning of time
men have always felt like we had to
defend the cave whenever you go out look
at a new place to live women walk
through it going in wonder what kind of
wallpaper I'm gonna put in here men are
like somebody's gonna try to get in that
window I guarantee you that's the way we
think in it guys even down to the yards
see a lot of different theories on this
one a lot of guys like to keep their
grass cut really short so they can see
the intruders coming keep those kill
zones open you know I say let the grass
grow tall so they don't know there's a
house behind it
some call it lazy Iceland it's thinking
we put yourself into the into the mind
of a thief say you come up on two houses
and one of them has a manicured long
with with daisies growing in the
flowerpot you might be thinking we'll
thats easy pickings but you come up on a
house where the grass is this tall and
there's a dog chained to the clothesline
and a motor swinging in the tree buddy
that's a house where a gun revs
and you want to find out what kind it is
just crawl through the window after dark
and trust me I am NOT insinuating women
cannot take care of themselves on though
in 1998 you can matter of fact you
probably lot rather deal with me than my
wife because you break into my house I
will shoot you
my wife will shoot you and then spend 30
minutes telling you why she shot you I
shot you for coming through the window
like that you know you ought to get a
job like the rest of us iced up at 5:45
this morning had to make lunch for the
kids that had to take them student had
to go to work myself and lunch over here
to go get my driver's license renewed
and stopped at lunch on the way home
when you listen
I'll shoot you again
I will say this about my life though she
is secure enough in her masculine 'ti
that if there is a noise in our house in
the middle of the night she still lets
me go check it out and this age of
equality I'm pretty sure that's
happening worldwide not too often are
you gonna see Phyllis right now excuse
and see what that noise war can you
bring me back a piece of chicken okay if
I told you lately you're as pretty as
Greg Maddux Miller now if there's a
noise in our house in the middle of the
night it's me checking it out in my
underwear carrying a baseball bat
because that is the official uniform of
suspicious noises Underpants and a
baseball bat
I don't know what we're hoping to find
some glad the living room and his
underwear with a ball
and my dad really didn't need to carry
the baseball bat because he always wore
this big boxer shorts that were gapped
open in the front oh that gap is like a
Taser to a burglar oh shut the gap shut
the gap here take my wallet just please
shut that down
a lot of ways those guys trying to be
protectors every house that we've ever
lived in I've always slept between my
wife and the door to our bedroom I told
her less in case anybody gets into our
place they have to go through me to get
to her that's what I tell truth is if
there's a fire I'm getting my ass out
there
well I have life insurance and I'm not
positive she's going to wake me up
anymore
and life insurance is a normal another
form of protection that's just kind of a
fine line deal because you want to have
enough of it that god forbid you do
Pastor Lee every guy I think has a
mental image of his family sitting
around the table with a turkey leg in
each hand going he was a jolly good
fellow but you don't want to have so
much insurance that you actually put a
bounty on your own head I don't want to
see my wife down at the hospital going
pull the plug mrs. Foxworthy it's only a
sprained ankle I don't care pull the
plug I know him and he wouldn't want to
live around like that
just put him down no I'll put him down
guys I always feel like we got to
protect the place and maintain the stuff
bless my wife's heart she thinks I'm fix
anything that breaks in our house
including the cars I know nothing about
cars if you ever see my legs sticking
out from under a car please god call
9-1-1 go something bad has happened but
if we're on the road in the car act up I
am obligated to pull off to the side and
at least act like I know what I'm doing
and when I open the hood of that car I
might as well be staring into the human
brain oh there's a lot of stuff in here
a lot of stuff what a hot stuff all
right baby try it one time
hold on let me do some
look it did it got mustard on my shirt
all right baby tried again
I always end up taking the car to the
shop and I try to do the same thing to
them well Jeff what happened well we're
just going down the road the stupid car
stopped on us I'm strange did you check
the alternator yeah yeah looked at it
you know look like it was full and so I
was shall we call my wife tell her we're
going to who is Suren
it doesn't matter if the car breaks down
we never make good time anywhere anyway
we never make it up we're late
everywhere we go even to church by the
time we get to church I need church cuz
I've done yelled at their buddy in the
family we have no idea what happens the
first 10 minutes of church I think
they're having a raffle or something cuz
when we walk in they're going hallelujah
set see we could have won something if
y'all want to hurry that actually I
dunno why we're always late to churches
because I live with three women and they
care a lot about the way they look you
can tell that because women in church
always look pretty you ever look at the
men have that slip in hair with leaves
and sticks in it wearing the sport coat
with a cling free on the back of it
and I have learned for my wife looking
good takes a little time I know when
we're preparing to go out for the
evening the four words that I dread
hearing the most it's my wife's boys
coming out of that bathroom
ah hey my hair well I'll just call him
tell him we ain't coming tonight
never ever do you hear men say I hate my
hair close as long as it's still there
we like it and we're not going to say
anything ugly about it it might make it
get up and leave and the older I become
the more I'm convinced men's litter is
not fallen out it is just going in and
coming out of the places follow me on
this one the other day I plucked a nose
hair I saw my hairline receipt just a
little bit it's going in coming out
somewhere else you ever been on an
elevator with an old man that had ears
full of hair did I need a hair at 80
just needs a haircut
that's going in and coming out other
places like eyebrows by the time men are
sixty our eyebrows look like as Lu Bush
cut me Mick I can't see nothing cut me
and the older women get the more than
eyebrows just kind of disappear
everybody's got that inch you see her
every year at the family reunion she
doesn't have my eyebrows anymore she
just draws them on every day always
looks like she's just seen a rat
you know what I think Simon I think when
we're sleeping women's eyebrows are
jumping off their face running across
the bed and join in the men's team
that's what and if men do worry about
hair we only worry about the hair on our
head women worry about every single hair
on their body before we went on vacation
last summer my wife said to me I have
got to go get ready for bikini season
which to me means buying new sunglasses
well
see in 13 years I have learned you can
move your eyes just don't turn your head
wives can hear those neck muscles
creaking and there's nothing more
embarrassing than watching a girl walk
across the front of the pool in her
bathing suit and end up face to face
with your own life
by
ah listen I was just thinking we ought
to ask her to babysit for us tonight
that way you and I could go in and have
a nice lobster dinner maybe I could buy
you some new jewelry you like jewelry
don't y'all buy a lot of jewelry
what my wife meant when she said to me
she had to get ready for bikini season
was that she was about to go have a
procedure done to her that is called a
bikini wax and to hear her describe this
horror
apparently
she paid somebody I repeat
paid somebody to pour love of thoughts
scolding wax on her inner thighs and
then they chatted for a little while
until the wax had dried then the woman
grabbed the wax and yanked the hair out
if you ever hear of somebody doing that
to me rest assured there was a gun to my
head
because you get the hair out of my inner
thigh I will tell you where my
grandmother hides her mind
that's the most horrible thing I've ever
heard of we should implement that as a
penalty in our judicial system you've
been found guilty of breaking and
entering for the next 12 months you are
required to get a bikini wax every two
weeks I have mercy on me and if I get
you back in here you're gonna have to
have a butt wax too
I'm sorry I don't know where that came
from you guys are gonna be in bed
tonight
asleep I'm gonna be staring at the
ceiling but whack
just like something you buy the
drugstore done ended but not an impulse
purchase now excuse me what an LS the
butt wax on please you want the Senate
or the unscented but why I need the
unscented there's a lot of dogs in our
neighborhood
Oh
you know that's just the beginning of it
then you have the leg hair like guys
have you ever had your woman take your
razor shave her legs with it then she'll
put it back on the counter you pick up
that same razor and shave your face you
can get the bleeding to stop it takes a
team of trained professionals but you
can get the bleeding to stop Lord I
don't know what a woman's leg hair is
made out of but you get enough of it
together you could clean a rusty grill
with it
nothing on this planet feels as good as
the first shaven woman's legs a few
things are as deadly as one that hadn't
met a razor in a while it actually has a
groom to it you know he rubbed it one
last not too bad the other way severe
tire damage and married men know this
that's because every married man here
tonight said this little conversation
where he's lying in bed with his wife
hey baby you want to fool around okay
but I hadn't shaved my legs in five days
that's okay would you straight
well as five women sex with a cactus
not that I've ever had sex with a cactus
I
and it's not just the hair that makes us
lady half the time it's the shoes
we don't go out anymore without playing
the Flamingo leg game this is the one
where she gets dressed puts on two
different shoes and goes hon with shoes
look better with this hey are these let
us mess with her I don't know do it
again these are thee whoo I can't decide
do it again
hey I've never been in a hunting camp
and see some guy go hey Jerry what do
you think hunting bad tennis Eve's
mutton Birds tennis shoes
oh no Ted do it again
and if she has a hard time choosing this
product because she got so many shoes to
choose from
she only had like 10 pairs of shoes and
every pair I've got has a function I
have cowboy boots I've got work boots
I've got running shoes my wife has 50
pairs of high heels and we all know the
function of a pair of high heels make
your legs and butt look good women
aren't wearing these things because
they're comfortable that's why they wear
because you put your heels up in the air
and walk you can't walk but one way
you take the biggest burliest truck
driver in America put him in a pair of
high heels that's way he'd walk Tom give
me a slim jim and a Koko all right my
shipment showing is it I hope not
and the reason women care about how
their legs and butt look is because men
care about how women's legs in butt look
men aren't worrying about the way our
home butts look hell most men aren't
aware the fact that we have a butt until
it starts itching and then there's bit
on where the fact that scratching it in
public might be offensive to somebody
else
mr. president hey you didn't I that has
got to be the number one form of birth
control on the planet scratching your
butt don't believe you guys next time
you're in a bar trying to pick up a girl
while you're scratching your ear and I
have a sweet thing you wanna dance
stuck-up and men really ought to keep
her hands off our rear ends we should
because we're scratching them all away
we are causing our own butt erosion have
you ever seen an old man's butt no you
have not they don't have one anymore
they stretched it all off an old man's
blood looks like you made a frog stand
up and put on a pair of double knit
pants
that's why when old men sit down they
tuck their trousers is trying to put
some cotton under that butt bone back in
there
no there's probably a lot of single
people here tonight did theirs
now you're probably saying well we've
talked a lot about being married none of
this applies to me I'm not ever getting
married no not the kid I'm just going to
date date date date date date down yeah
well that's what we all thought then you
wake up one morning you're staring at a
mortgage two kids in a minivan going how
the hell this happen I'm just trying to
get away
well that's happens Susie because when
you're single so much of the focus of
relationships is on the physical end of
it I know single guys that could take
anything a woman says and turn it into a
sexual innuendo you could have a group
of people in a woman to go you know I
need to get my tires rotated and I know
single guys that are thinking here I'd
like to rotate her tires
where is man-mana going you need to get
your tires rotated an old place right
down the street that does it they're
fast they're cheap matter of fact I
think I get a coupon for them here in my
wallet yes sir there it is right where
my condom used to be see and I loved
being single I just don't think I'd want
to be single again I mean for one thing
when you're with somebody new all the
time you run the risk of calling them by
the wrong name hey Sara I was thinking
didn't you just call me Sara
no I said Sara beer in the frigerator
I'm really first
hornacek I tell you what I wouldn't want
to have to take my clothes off in front
of somebody new comes back when I was 20
years old and I had to take my clothes
off in front of somebody I'd actually
leave the light on and strut a little
bit
not anymore let me tell you gravity is
doing its damage I had to take my
clothes off and from somebody knew that
light would be off and I'd be going
across the room like us being shot at
I do like the permanency of marriage
anybody like breaking up with people I
guess everybody here is broken up with
somebody we've all heard the breakup
lines there's a million of them I was
picking out a few of my favorites like I
need some space which is half a sentence
the rest of it is without you in it
another one of my favorites you're too
good for me oh please
Cindy Crawford's too good for my brother
but if he hooked up with her she'd have
to burn his ass out of the house to get
rid of him I think my all-time favorite
I think we should start seeing other
people trust me nobody's ever said that
one to you without having somebody else
in mind guys if a woman says to you I
think we should start seeing other
people trust me she has already cut a
pony from the herd and if she ain't
riding him yet she has pulled the saddle
out of the barn
now some people will say well you know
sexually it's more exciting when you're
single I don't know about that you tried
to have sex with two little kids in the
same house
my wife and I put our kids to bed we're
running down the hall pulling off
clothes like we're hitting the beach at
Normandy go baby go
they got me start without me
and if it is more exciting being single
it's not without a price because the
sexual playground is really dangerous
today being married feel like being in
the National Guard we may not be seeing
as much action as the frontline but we
are living to fight another day
and besides married people will tell you
you don't get married to get sex get
married to get sex it's like buying a
747 to get free peanuts will about you
watch peanuts there's a lot more closed
efficient ways to get them it it is true
things are going to cool off a little
bit I got an uncle Fred and that Doris
they've been married 52 years and a fair
sweat in the back of a car it's because
somebody locked them in the truck but
think for a minute there are advantages
to having the same partner over a long
period of time I mean for one thing you
kind of learn what your partner wants
and what they like and what they need
when you're with somebody new all the
time you don't have a clue it's like
playing pin the tail on the donkey
blindfold it go a little bit to the left
now the other left you're not even in
the same room are you trying see after
13 years I know the combination to my
wife's a 13 to the left 18 to the right
9 to the left you're welcome baby
then you ought to work on your technique
it really should because that's the only
part of the whole thing you have any
control over the rest of it you're just
playing with what the good Lord tells
you and whoever said old men are created
equal has never been in a locker room
I'll tell you that and women think they
have a handle on this when I've heard
you talk well if he's got big feet then
you know or if he's got big hands or if
he's got a big nose if he's got big ears
well let me tell you something he better
be packing because that's one goofy
looking guy right there
it as silly as it seems guys still
worried about this stuff and women bless
your heart you're always trying to make
us feel better oh honey it's not the
size of the ship it is the motion of the
ocean well that may be true but it takes
a long time to get to England in a
rowboat
speaking of time y'all to learn to take
your time because when it comes to
matters like this I have found women are
kind of like diesel engines you know I
may take a little bit to get them going
but once you do they can run a long long
time meaning on the other hand we're
more like bottle rockets and I don't
know what that sleeping happens but it
does there is some kind of energy
transfer taking place in this act
because when we get through my wife can
jump up out of bed run in the kitchen
make a sandwich vacuum the living room
clean out the garage you might as well
put crime scene tape around me cuz I
ain't moving
one time I've tried to get up to go get
a glass of water I look like a newborn
giraffe or one of those wild animal show
thank you