thank you my
thank you hey y'all done you can tell
i'm back in the south you got those
noises there yeah boy it's nice to be
back home it really is I've been working
up in New York City a lot like from New
York several of you yeah I had a great
time up there really did and I do miss
the smell of urine on the sidewalk we're
so done we pee indoors down here in New
York it's a great place to work it
really is the problem I find a lot of
people up north you know they think
everybody from the south is married to
their sister and has seen a UFO you know
I told them hell I'm just dating my
sister and I couldn't swear it wasn't a
weather balloon
that's the reputation we have they think
we're goobers in the site because of the
way we talk and I told them I said we're
not stupid I said we have words y'all
don't even have up here we do you come
down south we have words like you too
we're going tomorrow y'all Ted
what letter does that start with my
dad's got a great southern word he'll
use it like when dogs come in our front
yard
my dad will run out on the porch and
holler yeah one outta him I have no idea
how you spell it but it works real damn
yeah and if that word don't work this
one will that's a dead word there and
you know what the problem is southern
action is the hardest accent to be cool
with you know like a New York Texan is a
cool accent they come down south they
fit right in it's like you pass the
fucking grits y'all alright you can't be
cool with a southern accent I mean you
can take us somewhere nice somewhere
like a nude beach on the French Riviera
we'd be out there going damn this looks
like a good place to fish here and bring
the cooler we'll be going up to naked
women hey you don't know where if we
pick up some red wigglers need
[Applause]
[Music]
now we'll give on this things are more
sophisticated up north like in the north
when guys fall in love they think they
have to buy candy and wine and roses
he'll himself we fall in love with you
we just spray-paint your name on an
overpass that's true love there boy
say it with krylon has a reputation we
have in the South I was in Boston not
long ago got motion actually said to me
said you know what the problem is you
don't have culture in the south which
isn't true we have theater a few weeks
ago I saw the southern version of The
Sound of Music
that was beautiful no a dear I shot last
month
ray oh god that pumps my gas me in him
in a fight fall is where I kick these
[Applause]
maybe we are stupid
now the people think everybody in the
South is a racist that's not true I'm
not a racist
I know some people that are but I use it
against them like when we played
Monopoly instead of using that little
symbol or the Scottie dog
I just Carvalho black family out of wood
and every time I land on their property
they move a lot of misconceptions about
the South a lot of people think
everybody from the south is a redneck
you don't have to talk like this to be a
redneck I've been all over the country
there's a rednecks in every single state
Hemme rednecks we have here tonight
because there's one right there I can
tell you that see that's the pot of
people don't know if they're a redneck
or not so I came up with a test to kind
of help you out let me give you a few
examples see things like if your richest
relative buys a new house and you have
to help take the wheels off of it
you might be a redneck you've ever had
to carry a bucket of paint to the top of
a water tower to defend your sister's
honor
you might be a redneck if someone asks
to see your ID and you show them your
belt buckle says right there I'm ed can
y'all see that I'm in if you owe the
taxidermist more than your annual income
you might be a redneck if your mother
keeps a spit Cup on the ironing board
[Music]
you might just be a redneck if your
family tree does not fork
[Applause]
you might just be a redneck if you help
your brother move his refrigerator and
the grass underneath it has turned
yellow you might be a redneck if your
wife's hairdo has ever been destroyed by
a ceiling fan you might be a redneck if
you've lost more than one tooth opening
a beer bottle you might be a redneck if
you think God looks kind of like Hank
Williams jr. you might be a redneck if
you think a bug zapper and a 12-pack is
quality entertainment you might be a
redneck if your mother doesn't remove
the Marlboro from her lips before
telling the state patrolman to kiss her
ass you might just be a redneck if you
prefer to walk the excess length off
your jeans rather than him then you
might be a redneck if you've ever been
too drunk to fish you might be a redneck
if you have to rethink your car at every
intersection you might be a redneck if
your father fully execute to pull my
finger trick at Christmas dinner
[Applause]
you might be a redneck if you've ever
worn a tube top to a wedding you might
be a redneck if you go to the family
reunion to pick up women
you might just be a redneck we just had
a family reunion Oh long ago y'all weird
relatives
everybody has weird relatives and weird
neighbors you know if you live in an
apartment it's guaranteed the people
that live above you are gonna play the
Rolling Stones in vacuum at 4 o'clock in
the morning now my wife and I had an
apartment the back of our bed was up
against the peoples next-door apartment
where their headboard was that yeah and
you could hear the headboard it nice and
unlike in when you first heard it you
kind of get excited you know but after
about an hour it's like knock that shit
off man we don't do that kind of work
over here go to bed family really it was
kind of sad a bad year for my Uncle Earl
he was always kind of a loser I mean
hilly he lost his job as a cook at the
Waffle House due to his appearance
[Applause]
[Music]
that's a bad mental image there and then
a few months ago we had to go to his
funeral that was real sad my cousin
Clyde shot him
Teddy thought he was a deer hell bullet
went right through the windshield man he
never had a chance
so all the relatives of the family
reunion like my Siamese twin cousins
Larry and Lonnie they're joined at the
hip
they're vacationing in England because
Larry wants to drive the car for a
change
you'll get that tomorrow don't even
worry about that I had people like my
gay black cousin Desmond yeah there's
one we say he's into baseball now he's
Justin you know the other day I was
watching the television what you wanted
Michael Jackson's show and I'm flipping
the channel and this baseball game came
on some Batman's with one glove just
driving me crazy so I'm looking at this
baseball game and they're now so said
this next man coming up swung a really
big stick girlfriend my heart went into
palpitations right down with this man he
come out of dugout he go up to the plate
the bat and he is grabbing himself
grabbing himself right there on TV I had
to sit down because my thighs are
burning Lance there
within the announced that came back
owner said the man had three balls on
him honey my butt went into convulsions
have people like my fat obnoxious cousin
Rowena there that's not nice to say
Rowena spat but when she walks across
the living room the radio skips and let
seemed to burn up a couple of pair of
corduroy pants just from walking too
fast
it's pretty embarrassing one year we all
went to the circus and this guy kept
following her with a shovel you know see
bro wait I'll tell you though she says
she's not fat she just retains water I
said so does the fucking Hoover Dam
dizzi buzzer closes these specialty
stores where they start out with Lane
Bryant
now they got added dimensions I think
it's a French term for can't cram your
ass into a normal-sized pair of pants
they got a storage in all the malls
usually located between the chick-fil-a
and the baskin-robbins so the people can
find these were always on the ground for
it just in case too many people shop at
one time
they try to make these people feel good
about themselves sighs their closes like
in fours fives and sixes I think that
refers to the number of acres of
material required Heather spring catalog
is aerial photographs sundress in a
pasture
had a lot of old people there and you
love them they're your family but you
get tickled at them to let couple of the
old women have that real flappy skin on
the upper part of their arm and it
looked like the Batman logo or something
I've done
grandma holy bad flats grandma
[Music]
and my grandmother bless her heart she
shakes real bad
she shakes so bad we just put her in
charge at the Jiffy Pop popcorn she was
such a natural keep it movin grandma huh
good job here's the back three shake
that up porridge was it and we took it
to the doctor about it the doctor said
well do you drink a lot of coffee she
said no no I spill most of it weird
please happen to men too when we get oh
I think they come a day in a man's life
when his eyebrows decide they're tired
of laying down and they're gonna stand
up from now on
so slow they age their toenails turn
yellow and about this damn thing
let's take a need bolt-cutters the kind
of things out with
[Applause]
my dad's got telling nails like that hey
guys I'm up about twice a year when they
start coming through the end of his
shoes fathers don't dumb like anybody
else he when they cut them off they
don't throw them in the trash can
hell they leave them in the ashtray so
the whole family can combine observing
it man Jesus Christ look at dad's Tony
[Applause]
anybody here from Oklahoma I was up
there last month he might come on that
is a sad damn place over the home oh
yeah they do not have one tree in the
entire fucking state not one just like
piss on a plate nothing
I'm figured it must be hell playing hide
and go seek there as a kid yeah little
kids standing out in the open there's
Billy shit I dunno them they took me to
a rodeo I never been to wrote it during
the rodeo they had a cow chip toss and
they announced over the PA system
someone from Oklahoma had invented the
cow chip cost these people were proud of
shit are they're puffing up right there
I said how can you be proud of the fact
that a hundred years ago one of your
ancestors was out in the cow pasture
going hey y'all I just thought up a new
game then it's time we don't they
probably got better at it maybe we
should let it dry
[Applause]
been working a lot in Las Vegas they
have a show running right now in Las
Vegas it's called nudes on ice what a
winning combination this is because we
all know what cold weather does to the
human body you just got to figure women
that paid 15 bucks to see this or kind
of getting your short end of the stick
there how old is he Harold he's a eunuch
for God's sake first we know when women
get cold you know some exciting things
happen they're hella nice tall girl
could put somebody's eyes
wouldn't want to live anywhere but
Atlanta though I think we got one of the
best cities in the country here well
then we hit with people everybody's real
friendly and we got beautiful women here
the only bad thing about it Lana what
were the people smoking that designed
our street system here and that had to
be like all right Julio I got a great
idea see we'll loop this thing around
real big like that put a dead end right
there at the end of it sucker hey listen
when it gets dark go get some exits and
just move them alright hold on what is
that Peachtree Street alright we'll get
about 2 B and red lights put them at
every gin foot down that sucker no dude
no need to paint lines on the street
they don't use them here anyway man
and we're nice people but we don't use
the damn lines on the street do it I'm
tell you what you come here you're
coming to a city where merge is a
personal challenge I'll merge where you
by God come on out here
hell he yielded he's a candy-ass
you live here you find out what
right-of-way means I'm right here in the
dam right now go didn't land of traffic
lights are merely a suggestion at this
point yeah I am the other that we're out
we saw this guy he's in his car he's at
the red light in the right-hand lane
going hold on baby cousins this sumbitch
turns green we're gonna make a left-hand
turn here I don't know how the hell they
know when he lays a drunk-driving here
that's a big deal nowadays too you know
this is drinking and driving their
safety go out drinking take along
somebody that's not drinking to be your
designated driver how many of you were
designated drivers who to people he's
got a beer right there in front of it
will G up a drink with my left hand a
drive with my ride no matter how drunk
this thing gets I get home one person
the whole room does hope you got a big
car at least 300 people stared at me
like hell Jeff why the he'll get drunk
if you ain't gonna drive he'll just see
all those headlights coming at you try
to figure out which things a real one
[Applause]
there gets it now - they got
organizations against what they got like
what is this this sad Students Against
Drunk Driving MADD Mothers Against Drunk
Driving damn drunks against Mad mother
yeah hell if you just take the words
drinking and driving what does that
spell dad and my dad can do some serious
ass drinking in driver only guy ever no
to get a DUI on a riding lawnmower no
chased him through three states he
didn't get it I like the designated
driver program really do anything safer
than the way we used to do it
hey dude get up give us a ride home man
come on way say we'll buy you a beer
come on website you know the problem
with a designated driver program it's
not a desirable job because if you think
about it basically you're just
babysitting people whose biggest
ambition is to pee in the parking lot or
something but if you ever get talked
into doing it have fun with them like at
the end of the night drop them off in
the wrong damn house
preferably in their boss's front yard or
someone where the hell are my flamingos
you can make money on a pig drunks will
give you money for anything this point
you could cram as many of them as you
get in your car on the way home stop it
every gas station you come to get out
pretend like you're putting gas in the
car making them pay for a full damn
thing you make four five hundred dollars
in a ten-mile stretch that damn bill the
mileage on this thing sucks
[Applause]
some of you know what I'm talking about
don't drink and drive it seriously it's
not funny few years ago I was out I got
drunk and I'm driving and I hit a deer
and totaled my car and it should have
been driving in the woods you know but I
mean still I caught my dad I was looking
at I was right on the front seat the car
with my dad and he had been drinking
beer all day long and we got pulled over
by the Highway Patrol the officer walked
up to my dad's window and he went excuse
me there sir could I see your license
please
no sir I don't need a cold beer I don't
think you do either
mr. Foxworthy do you know why I pulled
you over sir well it concerns that
vehicle you're pulling behind you no sir
it's not against the law to tow a boat
but we do require you put it on a
trailer could you ask your friends to
get out of the boat please sir no sir I
don't give a damn if the fish are biting
could you ask your friends get on the
boat
I mean hell you drop just here about a
mile back back
what do they call it up north it's not
DUI it's like BWI which is what driving
while intoxicated now then here it's
duis driving under the influence problem
is they don't tell us under the
influence or what and we assume it's
alcohol but it could be a lot of
different things hell you could have
stuff like driving under the influence
of marijuana now these people would be
pretty easy to spot they'd be driving
about three miles an hour and trying to
eat the upholstery
[Applause]
you're gonna have a driving under the
influence of cocaine he's got to be
driving about 200 miles an hour and
talking to the upholstery I bet your
daddy was an alga hide wasn't it you're
gonna have a driving under the influence
of quaaludes or better known as illegal
parking they just think they're driving
and the most deadly driver of all you
have to watch out for this killer on a
road the guy that's driving under the
influence of oral sex
this man will kill you
talk about a head-on collision these
being rear-ended though I'll tell you
that it's easy to get lost here now my
little brother that a couple years ago
we were we were downtown we're trying to
find the Municipal Auditorium and we're
we're at a red light right in the middle
of downtown and a cab driver pulled up
next to us and we thought well thank God
if anybody will know this guy so we
rolled our window down motion for him to
do the same I asked you must excuse me I
said can you tell me how to get to the
Municipal Auditorium I swear to god this
man said the Municipal Auditorium all
right check this I see you can't get
that from him what you need to do not go
straight down the street you are right
here go straight down this street to the
second light now wait a minute wait a
minute ain't right going down to the
third light when you get to the third
light stop Mack somebody they tell you
how to get there
in the names of the sir I have a friend
that works for nine and one one he was
telling me about a coal they got a few
months ago should this guy called up and
he said hey dude I need an ambulance he
said a what he said I need an ambulance
a new just got hit by a car he said all
right he should tell me where you're at
he said I'm down on Sycamore Street he
said what he said Sycamore Street he
said you're gonna have to spell that for
me
the guy said yes I see wait a minute
wait a minute if E is what I tell you
what I take a dude over to Lee Street
y'all come get in there all right
[Applause]
and it's so screwed up I can't even find
the stadium now you know not that you
fucking want to but everything we have
sucks the Balkans suck
last year the Falcons won one game the
fans toward the goalposts down paraded
around the field over their head in that
stupid I mean mixing being victorious
with being destructive I mean hell you
sleep with somebody for the first time
you don't tear off their headboard and
go around the apartment complex with it
[Applause]
that's tacky as hell now I have spikes a
couple of pair of panties how many
people here head parents should be most
of ya anybody else's dad make weird
noises that isn't my dad honest when
he's in the bathroom it sounds like
songs of the humpback whale
[Applause]
[Music]
are you okay dad
we got Greenpeace in the front door
knock it off and my dad he can tell some
filthy jokes to make the dog gag joke
yeah my dad can tell jokes in a truck
stop truckers are going hey hey hey
there's mechanics in here you want to
watch your mouth there my mom my life
she's a sweetheart of a lady she just
comes up with some goofy ask questions
growing up this one of her favorite ones
did I raise you in a barn
I don't know
[Applause]
my brother would start laughing she go
what's so funny he'd say no thing
[Applause]
remember when your mom would say this
one shut the door I'm not gonna heat up
the neighborhood nothing that bathrobe
you not know she can throw a waffle iron
that far your dad ever run over your
bicycle my dad run up my bike five times
fifth time he did it I crawled out from
under the car and when dad get the car
out of the backyard how about it
tell the guys in the boat to quit
laughing
[Applause]
and when you're a kid it didn't matter
if you got hurt
hey you knew you can run on prime mom
would be there with those sympathetic
loving words I hope you're satisfied
you're gonna pull the blood yeah I'm
pretty satisfied right now wish you
could join me one night I was about
eight years old I got out in the middle
of the night to go get a glass of water
and I walked past my parents bedroom and
heard those noises going on in there
[Music]
I couldn't resist the temptation to walk
up knock on their door and go mom I hope
you're satisfied
my dad hollered get out of here
mom came out with a headboard
remember when you were a teenager and
they'd loaned you the car and you abuse
that damn privilege every damn time and
you always were out too late your only
goal was to get home without being
caught so on the way home you cut off
the headlights turn off the ignition try
to coast in the last 45 50 miles
park the car ten blocks up the street
cover it with dead tree limb put on
camouflage crawl down the driveway
chloroform the dog squirt wd-40 on the
door hinges ease the key and the door
slide it open and there stood the
creature from the bathrobe lagoon had
those two curlers look like horns up
there she'd always say something like I
don't want to know where you've been
what you've been doing or who you've
been doing it with I said thank goodness
mom cuz the details are a little fuzzy
to me at this point where that would
piss her off she didn't matter she goes
you marched your fuzzy butt in here
mister now where were you tonight well
mom I was in a hot tub with 15 naked
women she goes that is sick I don't want
to hear about it my dad will go hodo
Margaret I'd like to hear feed big tail
here that's my boy
remember your parents would go out of
town for the weekend you felt it was
your obligation to entertain 7,000
drunks in your living room seem like
whenever you had a party like that
something bad always happen didn't it my
folks left one weekend we threw this
monster party and we had had my
great-aunt cremating nut night at the
party and she'd been dead for a while at
the party somebody got drunk they
knocked her urn off the mantelpiece and
then vacuumed her up well never once in
a while mom gets real sentimental and
she goes in there and starts talking to
her and hell I don't have the heart to
tell her I had to smoke a carton of
Marlboros just to get her back up there
[Applause]
I didn't really do there's women are uh
oh my god guys really in the living room
going Lissy she was a big breasted woman
how tall was she
Jeff those call me when you get there
mom you're kind of talking about send
you to the 7-eleven for a half gallon of
milk call me when you get there one time
I didn't go straight to the 7-eleven I
went by a friend's house for about 30
minutes
by the time I got to the store and
picked up the carton of milk it had my
picture on the side of it yeah at the
checkout wanted the reward for finding
sit in no way Abdul that's my fucking
lunch money
you know I have AB duels in your 7/11 I
think that's everywhere you go you get
the wonder if you go to the Middle East
they have Americans working in their
7-eleven just the thought it's like a
midget using mouthwash who wouldn't know
[Applause]
the laid reaction joke yeah myself and
how many people remember the first time
they ever had sex oh shit
bachelor hill in the first grade
get off the swing Judy come ere baby
[Applause]
come on y'all I remember the first time
I ever had sex
that's about the happiest five seconds
of my life
all right let's thing back further than
that not when you had sex but just when
you first found out what sex was all
about and you couldn't imagine your
parents doing this with each other that
was a gross song I never could picture
my mother screaming give it up you
pot-bellied style yeah mom hates that
joke too
the first time she heard that she got
mad she said your father used to be an
attractive man yeah Godzilla used to be
a little bitty lizard ooh
[Applause]
and I love my dad to death but Helen
he's not exactly sex lord master of
desire the closest I can imagine my dad
to having an orgasm was when he got
yatzee yatzee never get all the condom
machines in the restroom
you see the pictures of the women on
these machines oh you got their eyes
rolled back in their head and their
tongues sticking out you know look like
this I have never made a woman do that
in my entire life I hit a dog with a car
one time a handle maybe it takes a Buick
I guess my kids will make fun of me too
I'm about ready to be a parent here I
just turned 30 and I'm tired of cutting
the damn grass you know kids today have
it made if they don't like what's on TV
they have like 30 TV channels to choose
from mirror how many channels we have
when we work here three and if the
president was on your night was shot you
are gonna have that president
[Applause]
[Music]
we're gonna pass
[Applause]
but my wife and I we're trying to have a
kid now we I guess we've been trying
about six months and she's not pregnant
yet but I figure if you got to be a
failure at something but my wife's real
concerned nothing's happened yet
in fact she made us an appointment at
one of these fertility clinics and in
top of these people they said well it's
easier to check men than it is women so
senior husband down first and I'm really
excited about this I mean cuz I knew
what they wanted I just didn't know how
the clam don't get me I didn't know if
the doctor took matters in his own hands
it was like a dairy or what well I
talked to a friend of mine he'd been
through it with his wife and he said
Jeff just relax it's a do-it-yourself
place he said you go down there they
give you a little cup and a Playboy
magazine he said you take them off in a
little room and just crank her up
well now I'm excited I'm thinking well
hell I hope it's an issue I don't have
because that would be embarrassing do
you have another month isn't doing
anything for me here something with
twins if you got it so I'm nervous but I
did go to the place about three weekends
ago and now that I'm waiting out in the
lobby the nurse calls me in and she just
needs me a cup no magazine just a cup
and I'm disappointed but I thought you
know what the fuck I do have a real good
imagination
I took the cup from her went off in the
little room they gave me you know did
what I was supposed to do then I waited
a few minutes doesn't anyone look like a
circus freak you know in a
[Applause]
so I got my cup and walking back down
the hall I found the nurse I handed her
the thing and she said we don't do that
here we just needed urine sample
I have never been that embarrassed in my
entire life and my wife told everybody
could my own mother's going heard what
you did in the car
no are good but how many single people
we have here tonight single folk bunch a
bunch of how many of your marriage
should be the rest of you know it's hard
to think at that point many people never
clap as loud it's like the chain only
goes this far I think I took your single
people I think probably have the
toughest life just the word single
itself you know s ing le stay
intoxicated nightly get laid every day
single people like that joke well they
don't understand married people love to
work at the same place single people
work because your entertainment to us
hell we count on one morning the week
you staggering into work we're in the
same thing you had on yesterday maybe a
little gravel and carpet fuzz on the
back of it pair of underwear hanging out
of your shoe in the top of your hand
covered with ink stamps
[Applause]
that's your job when you're singing your
job is to go out raise hell and stay
outlet and you know when you're out too
late you know because you come home turn
on the ESPN and there's two white guys
boxing that's late no you have some
rough nights when I was thinking some
nights I'd come home and I'd stagger
into my bedroom grab the covers on my
bed pull them back I'd put one leg in
there the alarm clock would go off I
turn it off pull that leg back out and
go hell that didn't take long
[Music]
gonna be a bad day at work today boy
[Applause]
everybody's had at least one day like
that you felt so bad you knew you
couldn't make it to work so you had to
call in sick remember that phone call
and when you practice before you
actually made it I am very sick I think
it's the one day flu
and if you're going laughs you're gonna
call in sick call in with something so
disgusting they don't ask questions
about it
there is my personal favorite now we
believe you as a matter of fact we'll
pay you to stay home with that if you
would that's the key it has to be
believable you can't call them with
something like leprosy nobody gets left
for sick yeah okay Boston can't come in
no my damn arm fell off you're sorry
hell I drive a stick-shift having a dime
at home I just tell them the truth
nothing here hello boss I'm sorry but I
will not be able to come to work today
because I cannot find my clothes well I
appreciate your concern but I think if I
find my house they'll be near there
[Applause]
single ladies tough dating is a hard
part of being single
you always get bad information about the
opposite sex it's like when I was in
school had a group of friends all these
guys talked about they wanted to go out
with a girl that had bodacious tatas you
know just didn't fire me up close the
only girls in my school that had
bodacious tatas where the ladies at
worked in the cafeteria
one of those industrial-strength bra
8900 hooks in the back of those thing
remember you can see them through
there's uniforms how wide we're
lunchroom lady broch you can measure
first downs with one of those bras we
got Brian here Pete we got a first down
right now first though speaking of
dating any guys here if I go out with a
girl that forgot to tell you she had a
boyfriend women forget something it
happened to me once I went out with this
girl we had a good time we went out to
dinner and then after dinner we came
back to my apartment we've been in my
place about a half an hour when there
was a knock on my front door I walked
out open the door there's this 250 pound
guy staring at me going what the hell
you think you're doing with her I looked
him right in the eyes and I said I'm
cutting her damn hair and you're just
gonna have to wait all right
it's gonna save your own ass there I cut
his hair for free single people always
have the best sex stories do don't they
and we know this because they share them
with everybody you know these people you
see them in the break room at work
they're always bragging so there I was
tied up to her being had motor oil
smeared all over my body she came in the
bedroom with a saddle and a set of
jumper cable loosely married people just
can't compete with it like what are we
going to come back with well you know
last night Marge was vacuuming in her
good robe she bent down to get
underneath the sofa thought hell I'm
watching Bonanza anytime
[Applause]
it just doesn't hold up sometimes we
talk about this stuff some people's like
Jeff I'm not single and I'm not married
I'm divorced now to me being divorced is
the same as being single except you
don't have as much furniture few people
who have many have you been divorced so
important your life you're happy about
being divorced yes yes most of us people
are I am I've been divorced once I'm
happy about it my dad's been divorced
four times for his house looks like this
he doesn't have shit
u-haul sends him Christmas card it's his
fault too he keeps getting remarried in
each wife's like 10 years younger than
the one he'd just divorce he'll he got
married in September I have to take his
wife to school in the morning now look
both ways mom no in their wedding was
weird her matron of honor was her
imaginary friend Emily she's a good cook
though she got that easy bake oven
last night we had cakes the size of
quarters I love those now this brings it
around to married people married people
are the only people that don't believe
in premarital sex you'll see it doesn't
include them they figure if they're
having leftovers tonight they don't want
the rest of the world romping through
the buffet line my god who's Mac you got
you married how many years for 35 bless
your heart that's a long time to pick up
anybody's drawers any weddings are weird
my little brother got married two months
ago I had to be in this thing is this
just maybe y'all get nervous when you're
at a wedding and they reached that part
in the ceremony where they say if
anybody has any reason why these two
should not be joined I was scared to
death some nuts don't jump up and go I
love her and she's carrying my baby I
hope I kept the receipt on that blender
this shit is over here and they had the
big reception you know where they threw
the bouquet in the Garter there's a
world of difference in those two sports
in there ugly women will hit pavement to
get that bouquet that's like throwing a
ham bone in a roomful of hit balls let
the blood flow boys there they go but
when they throw the Garter men run you
know we act like the things a hand
grenade dipped in age oh god it touched
my pants and touch my pan tell the thing
just laid there in the middle of the
floor finally one brave veteran threw
himself on and saved the whole room
[Applause]
to get a ring when you got engaged yeah
I think that's one of women's five
favorite things in life show that ring
off just get around their friends look
what Tom gave me by the way I can't look
at it it's burning my retinas oh if only
Bob had a penis that large men hate it
too when somebody else's wife gives a
bigger ring than the one they bought
there because they know they're going
here's on the way home well I guess Tom
just loves Barbara more than you love me
you tell Tom I'm kicking his ass next
time I see him I got remarried before
you've got to love being married love my
wife today I love women I don't
understand everything about them yet but
I love them why is it when a woman gets
in the bed the temperature of her feet
in but dropped to below freezing it can
be 98 degrees outside that butt is
ice-cold and wanna put it on you
[Applause]
like snuggling with a Butterball turkey
I can lick my hand put it on my wife's
butt it'll stick what does it takes so
long to get ready come on be ready to go
to the moon in 30 minutes we get ready
to go out somewhere tonight my wife
spends hours trying to get her hair to
do things god never intended here today
hell I've been tempted to bring in one
of those television evangelist lifeless
devil come out feel the power of
hairspray to spend four days in front of
the makeup mirror trying to paint her
face with a little brush with four hairs
in it I'm going to use a roller let's go
[Applause]
this she changes clothes 1,500 times
stomps into the living room and goes I'm
not going I look like shit
people point at each other out here and
if that wasn't bad enough girls then
you'll want verification tell me tell me
I look like shit there ain't no way I'm
telling you that cuz men know once it
reaches this point we can't win if we
disagree with it girls if we go no baby
you look great you go you're a liar now
that we agree with you we live the sex
life of a month till Christmas
[Applause]
doesn't matter how pretty the woman is
here you know my wife is a beautiful
girl and you hear her describe herself
it sounds like bearded goat woman from
hell if she looked like that I'd chain
her up in the garage search three bucks
for people to look at it come on y'all
got the damn goat woman right over here
[Applause]
scared the hell out of you
as my wife she doesn't she gets upset
she says stuff like well I've got this
flyaway hair I've got these lines around
my eyes I've got this zit as big as a
basketball and my thighs look like
cottage cheese and how come you never
tell me I'm pretty anymore just to stop
yourself you're a troll you just don't
care as much about our appearance we
don't and you never seem like a guy
picking up his buddy to go fishing at
five o'clock in the morning going damn
bill you ain't gonna wear that shirt
with them shoes are you it's after Labor
Day for crying out loud
[Applause]
my wife's always asked me do I smell
good like the way I smell but men have a
fragrance is usually an accident Charles
what is that alluring odor that's
Michelob I hit a bump in the truck
many women both care about smell but
held women go to trouble to smell good
no men are more like hey does this sing
too bad to wear one more time maybe I
should iron it and the effort women put
into it is worth it cuz women are so
much more sexy than men that women can
be sexy dressed in men's clothes like a
woman dressed in a man's but another
dress shirt got those legs sticking out
the bottom that's sexy as hell yeah see
cause men can't do this in Reverse
all men have a hard time being sexy in a
push-up bra and fishnet hose you know
guess what's for dessert Irene
[Applause]
when do goofy stop trying to be sexy
every guy in this room has done this one
at least once where he's come out of the
bathroom naked and played that little
human Hatrack game you don't know what
I'm talking about we're men kind of get
excited you know they go in the bathroom
they take something off the shelf and
they hang it from nature's coat hook
there and kind of walk out in the
bedroom hey baby
you've seen my washcloths
[Applause]
unless of course if you're a black man
it's more like hey baby you seen the
bedspread
[Applause]
somebody's gonna try that tonight you
know maybe we run a rink well they're
just so damn different like women hate
body noises least they swear they do I
believe part of it I never seen my
mother with her hand under a dress
trying to make that armpit fart but they
swear they hate of nobody laughs at a
good body noise harder than a woman I
gave you an example two weeks ago my
wife and I were walking through the
Atlanta Airport got walking about 5 feet
in front of us bless his heart he farted
out loud all right me being a man I
would have gone damn that's a good one
there huh my wife dropped every bag we
had and fell in the floor laughing come
on honey it's just a fart getting on
we're gonna miss the plane over a fart
you notice to the size of the apology is
always proportional to the size of the
body noise think about if you're out in
public and you make a body noise will
say a verb and it's a little one if you
just go like you will go excuse me but
if you do one of those 25 beer rocket
launcher but you'll go scuse me if
you're in a room and somebody go scuse
me get the hell out of there something
bad just happened
men like lots of things women think are
gross things like dead stuffed animals
mounted on the wall and you never see
deer heads in beauty parlors you don't
see Margaret see that eight-point buck
over there I tracked him three miles in
red pumps my feet were killing me is
there a woman here that's ever asked for
a dead stuffed animal to go on the wall
you don't see that no Harold I like the
living room but I want a fat dead green
fish over the TV here
get me one some a thing if there weren't
women there'd be a lot of guys just had
apartments full of dead stuff man
showing them off to their friends come
on in here Bob take a look at these that
there's a white-tailed deer a mallard
duck and a Siamese cat
[Music]
and run offroad hit him there quick
[Music]
[Applause]
somebody's Oh somebody's hissing there
it's a joke don't get upset
I have two cats mom one mounted on
either side of the fire
you know a with a dead deer heads on the
wall anybody got a deer head on the wall
this is Georgia somebody's got a deer
head on the walk yeah it's bad enough to
be dead that's as bad as it gets for
most of it but some people take their
dads and they decorate them you know put
the baseball caps on them sunglasses
cigarette hanging out of their mouths it
makes it look like they got shot at
Mardi Gras rhyme
some people mount their front legs and
make them hold the murder weapon that's
like an advertisement for the gun this
here's a winchester 3006 you're not Mya
sinned the mud you'll like it there now
because two women is shopping two women
shopping is a sport much like deer
hunting is come in right now they're
excited oh we're gonna talk about shot
paint they're building a new model near
my house last week women were hanging on
the fence yelling at the workmen for
taking a lunch break
they won't this thing women love this
shop you ever noticed that multiple
orgasm and mall opening begin with the
same two letters will prove this will
prove this be honest your girls bye
applause how many women enjoy shopping
for bugs no be on the bubble all right
now bye applause how many men enjoy
shopping for clothes one home oh there
in the back well just homos Oh Oh we'll
give it now then you see the difference
in numbers girls you could go out in the
parking lot right now you can stop any
man at random you can go up joined you
can say excuse me which one would you
rather do would you rather spend the
whole day shopping for clothes or have
exploratory rectal surgery
most men are going to go now if I had
the surgery how long would it be out of
work that's now planned we hate this
shot it's an art women know how they get
their friends they go in packs they
surround the place now you never see two
middle-aged men armed and armed losing
their damn minds in the mall Oh Charles
these slacks are exquisite
you simply must try them on Keurig
Mayibuye Moroni if women are outside the
dressing room you'll tell other women
what you think about the clothes they
just tried on yes
Sikh men don't do this hey Ralph is this
too seductive oh no Jim and the green
makes your eyes dance beauty when it
comes to clothes women are like a head
football coach your clothes have to make
the team every season because if they're
out of style or something's wrong with
them women will get rid of their clothes
not men though we make a clothing
purchase it's got a lifetime contract
with it we got shit from the third grade
put it back the drawer that still fits
put that down now and when you get
married your wife makes it her goal to
get rid of this ugly shit sneak it out
of the house give it to the Salvation
Army and when men kitchen we get pissed
off like hell they're out of style all
the guys at the lodge where bell-bottom
leisure suits men like the kid women
about shopping but there are some times
we're glad you did shop girls like on
Christmas morning when everybody's open
in present so we're going hey did we get
my mother anything this year
they're not a married guy live in giving
somebody a gift he had no idea what it
was
thanks Jansen all right looked all over
the place for that son of a bitch 10 -
girls sub - deal - this guy's a question
and there is not a right answer we can
possibly give you give me an example it
doesn't matter fix your girlfriend of
your wife
sometimes your girl is gonna say to you
honey I want you to tell me if I start
getting fat Hummers go right you tell me
if I start getting retarded girls men
like to sleep indoors all right not a
guy in his right mind gonna tell his
girl she's getting fat your girl Kuwait
3,000 pounds you'd be going you got a
real tight butt times rice where you do
but women worry about these things men
don't give a shit if we get fat never
seen the fat guy at the bowling alley
going hey Chuck here's my figure
unattractive do me a favor watch my butt
when I'm old tell me if it jiggles will
you do that
[Music]
don't ask this one girls night like
tonight you're out in public somewhere
were your guy don't tap him on the
shoulder point to another woman and go
honey do you think she's pretty I always
go Lord no I hate blondes with big firm
breasts gotta feel much coming up I'm
sick as a dog here we know better we
know better than to come out of a movie
theater with our girl and say something
like you know baby that's Sigourney
Weaver is a sexy woman because we know
later that night we're gonna be sitting
at home eating meat loaf and go hon you
know this meat loaf a little dry well
why don't you have Sigourney Weaver make
you a meatloaf there
man you got a fight going and fighting
that in the coming art till you get
married you'll be married 35 years you
ever fight few times yeah a picture
anyway I mean cuz they don't win you're
dating somebody and you have an argument
what's your through running each other
in the ground there's nothing else to
fight about but once you get married
once you get there running your partner
down now you can bring their family into
it keep a fight going another two or
three weeks by saying something like
well I guess we'll just live like your
fat alcoholic mother then you've got to
fight now anybody in your family got a
prison record is coming out too and when
you're fighting whatever you do don't
get pissed off and walk out without your
keys they did a study 86% of all
homeless people are people that got
pissed off and walked out without the
gig you can't get back in and if you're
the one that walks out you will be the
one apologizing to I'm an asshole unlock
the door I'm a shithead it's raining
come on you get a bunch of men together
it's like baby we'll be back by 11:30
12:00 noon at the latest then is like 3
o'clock in the morning our ass comes
rolling up and we see our clothes out in
the yard maybe I should have called
that's a bad feeling knowing you're in
trouble - oh you're walking from the car
to the front door thinking you know I
would rather slam my dick in the sliding
glass door then go in this house right
now
oh the gates of Hell have opened it's
the good woman USA Today did a survey
anybody got a guess the number one thing
married people fight about money by far
get over money cuz my wife and I we
don't fight much whenever we fight it's
always about money my wife you know gets
pissed off cuz we don't have any money
now get pissed off because we did
money's a dumb thing to fight about I
mean hell most of us have been broke how
many things been broke some point in
your life does that feel good I mean I'm
talking about Kraft macaroni and cheese
bro
suave Shampoo broke remember spot
shampoo a hundred gallons for a dollar I
was so broke when I was in college they
sent a guy to repossess my car
you know just don't let him make a
payment for about four years or
something the guy's the big man showed
up in my house he said mr. Parkes worthy
he said I am from the bank unless you
have $300 I'm taking that Camaro with me
I got mad I said 300 bucks who keeps
that kind of cash on them
he said well you can't write me a check
I said no I can't a check
yeah I'm write you a check I thought you
needed money okay one of them go ahead
pay the whole thing off right now
due to a hormone change women do have a
legitimate reason for being in a bad
mood once a month they do and if you're
a sensitive man you can see this coming
on it's like with my wife if I wake up
in the morning and I roll over and look
at her and her heads on backwards you
know she's going bad I'm going where am
I gonna find an exorcist on a Saturday
honey could you put the bed down I got a
pee just put the bed down all right but
that's not her fault
that's hormones you just might as well
check in to Ralph's PMS shelter for men
because a week is a terrible thing to
waste now I'm just thankful men don't
have to go through this stuff I'm
certain if we did you would see things
like hello Phil look I don't think Ed's
going hunting with us today
no he's cramping real bad hell I just
don't be in the woods with him with a
gun if you know what I mean we'd be
dangerous animals bringing each other
home on the hood of the car
call me bloated it's your wife ever worn
your she gets mad at you
my life warns me said I like will be on
the long trip somewhere in the car my
wife to go if I don't get some day soon
I'm gonna get a headache and be in a bad
mood that must be a woman thing you
don't see men riding around together
going Harold if I don't get a taco I'm
gonna stretch the hell out of the
dashboard here I ain't hit you you
better pull it in right now and you can
be in a bad mood if you don't eat you'd
be in a bad mood if you eat too much -
can't you that's the best birth control
in the world you can't have sex if you
eat too much you don't want me buddy on
top of you you scared you make noises
yeah
you never seen that endorsed that
thing's giving dinner going
Harold give it up and give it up now
damn the black-eyed pea yeah
how many men help with the cooking all
right not including the grill or chili
no hell for men know how to cook chili
we're born knowing how to do that here's
our recipe take all the hot shit you can
find put it in a big pot and cook it for
a long damn while
my daddy's got a special recipe because
it didn't test it or likes fresh chili
yeah he made something last summer a few
weeks that's where he said son what did
you think about that old chili I made I
said dad I'm gonna be honest we I was on
the toilet for about four days after
that he said it's good wouldn't it then
want food with results by guy that's
true stuff true stuff is the funniest
stuff you know that you ever know shit
like every time you go through the
drive-through window at McDonald's you
can understand everything those people
say except how much it's gonna cost
everybody's done this you had your
friends in the car you know what do you
want man turn the radio down and you
wait then they send you that magical
voice
yeah we'd like three Big Macs two large
order of fries and three medium cokes
please do ask for a fucking apple pie
it's like they got three years of those
things backlog in the freezer ISM
that's too much max weight back on a
Friday night me up cook your talk
[Music]
[Applause]
how much was it
[Applause]
[Music]
you know sometimes you go so
drive-through you're not in the mood for
a hamburger or you're not in the mood
for chicken or hell maybe on a date and
you're not dressed to go in I think some
of the nicer restaurants you put in
drive-through windows and things like
[Music]
yeah we'd like the steak and lobster for
two a bottle of Dom Perignon and the
marinated mushroom please
[Applause]
TV is a great source of this stuff they
member the pepto-bismol commercial where
they tell us the stuff controls common
diarrhea who says the standards on this
shit not Frank that's not common we
don't handle that there I was on a plane
last year on an Eastern flight as the
plane was pulling up to the terminal I
swear to you the stewardess made this
announcement but all passengers
requiring wheelchairs please remain in
your seats as opposed to what
hurling themselves in the aisle sorry
lady I got a bus to catch I'm out
the other day my wife and I we were
watching television we have one of those
granddaddy long leg spiders walking
across the carpet and my wife wanted me
to kill it I thought least don't hurt
anything I'll just pick him up put his
butt outside but they're real brittle
you know and somewhere in the process I
knocked about six of his legs off he's
out on the sidewalk walking in circles
going thanks for the help buddy I'm an
October check now thank you
regular meals on wheels out here thank
you
[Applause]
truce
see the ad for the Schick razor where
they say attention men with noses that's
not going to offend 99.9% of the people
but somewhere there is some poor guy
that's got his nose shot off going you
know I don't think that's plenty where's
the hint
I'm not buying their damn razor I'll
tell you that right now
then one came from my eyebrow to my lip
but don't leave that they have any
attention men we know
one of the funniest things ever saw in
my life was on TV it's an O episode of
the newlywed game and my brother and I
were sitting there watching this I swear
to God one of the questions that day was
named the strangest place you've ever
made love came around to the guy
questions Bob Eubanks said all right
Tyrone you got 25 15 to give you 40 name
the strangest place you've ever made
love I swear to god this man said Bob
I'm gonna have to say in the book
[Applause]
I fell off the sofa and ass
[Applause]
[Music]
don't you know he got his ass beat when
he got home and her family had to be
proud
that's our Norrish - hey sweetie
[Applause]
in the butt for a washer and dryer
they have won on the $10,000 pyramid
Alan Alda was giving the clues top part
of the pyramid spun around it was deer
de er Alan Alda said Joe and this man
said knob
guna
[Applause]
needless to say he did not win the big
money either
so as you get punished up from your
friends I got a buddy owns a German
Shepherd the people next door to him on
one of those goofy white rabbits they
keeping a cage he came home on Saturday
his dog is running around the yard with
this rabbit in his mouth the rabbit has
dog spit on it it's got mud on it it is
dead instead of being a man and just
going over and telling the people what
happened he panting he took the rabbit
away from the dog took it in the house
washed it off with soap and water and
then dried it with a hair dryer no pun
intended all right wait until he got
dark he snuck the rabbit back over next
door put it in the cage like it had had
a heart attack and locked the door
two days later he's out in his yard he
saw the lady from next door she walked
over to the fence and she said well I
guess you heard what happened they said
no wood she said we have had a death in
our family he said my god who died
she said fluffy and the weird thing was
after we buried him somebody dig him
back up and put him back in his cave
[Applause]
I laughed for three days about that
[Music]
Tenten I have to learn to entertain
yourself like everybody here has
somebody they hate it work everybody
hates one person you work with oh you're
thinking I'm right now I hate that
bastard I hate it do this don't go up to
a next Friday afternoon look them
straight in the face books on right at
quitting time look them straight in the
face and go are you getting fired that's
the rumor
and then Lee
don't worry about that shit all weekend
long
[Applause]
next time you're in the bank and the
lines too long you may have to do this a
couple of times but just tap the first
in front I didn't go hey you don't know
how to unjam a pistol leave
in and out of there five minutes
guaranteed
[Music]
when they stick that bucket inside your
car roll your window up real quick where
his arms in there as soon as the light
turns green he'll let go in the bucket
you got 40 $50 in Chains yeah if you
want to sleep late on Saturday morning
and you don't want the Jehovah's
Witnesses waking ya Friday night before
you go to bed get a piece of chalk
drawing outline of a human body outside
of your front door then throw some
religious pamphlets out around it sleep
till noon if you want to
next time you get on a crowded elevator
you got a friend with you as soon as the
doors closed have your friend go well
yeah I'll take your case but why did you
shoot the guy and you go cuz he kept
staring at the back of my head
[Applause]
[Music]
I'd like to do this when I like to go
into malls and like the Frederick's the
Hollywood's just pick up the skimpiest
laziest little frilly pair of panties I
can find preferably without a crotch in
them and wait till the sales lady comes
over and goes can I help you sir and I
go yes ma'am where's your dressing rooms
at
[Applause]
how many have you got to say miles on TV
a few months ago get to host the great
American Spelling Bee how many people
saw that where you're lying because I
just made this shit up
for those years I didn't say I would
like to recap the three finalists for
you right now
my name is Willie Albert chili I go to
Holy Ghost high school I would not like
to properly spare you a word and use
that word geo grammatically correct in
the sentence my word is scheduled SCH
edu le stade you I bet if you ever saw
ghost too scared you so bad you shit in
your pants
[Applause]
my name is devil P Mason I go to inbred
high school
I won't spare you a word they learnt
means to indicator I am DRC ATO are
indicated
my brother-in-law bubble is way up
indicator
[Applause]
[Music]
this scares the shit out of my father
this one
my name is Rex I go to but pirate high
school
I want to spay your fabulous word I hope
you like it a lot and everything and all
my word is then different I end the IFF
the orient and different out of all the
guys go out with pitch is the only one
that puts it in different
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you know a lot becomes a comedy club and
I can't remember any of the shit when
they go home you know they go home and
they say this guy was funny as hell
what'd he say hell I don't remember so
I'm gonna give you a joke though the
cowboy joke
cowboy been on the trail for a year
ain't had a shit shower shave comes upon
this restaurants real nice place real
white buildin got a white porch with
white chairs wife steps white sand out
in front white roof white chimney white
smoke pouring out he said huh damn that
was like a nice play so he got off his
horse and he walked inside he sees this
lady and there she is
beautiful I mean she is gorgeous she is
a knockout she got on the white dress
with a white flour white stockings white
boots with white lace white hat white
feather white lipstick he said holy shit
that they had me some of that he walked
over and said pardon me ma'am do you
mind if I sit here she kind of turned
her nose up in there pissed him off a
little bit about that time the waiter
comes over he says excuse me folks Byrd
y'all ready to order the lady said yes
sir I am she said bring me the leg of a
virgin land makes bird sure it's virgin
gotta be a virgin go as yourself garnish
it with garden vegetables not too sweet
not too sour how about a pot of coffee
that's not too hot not too strong one
last request I think I smell horse shit
there must be a cowboy in here could you
please open the window well he is really
pissed off now
waiter looked over at him he said sir
are you ready to order he said yeah god
damn right I am
he said bring me one well fucked up got
to be well fucking my church well
fucking fuckers yourself garnish it with
a horse shit in the cow head on ball
grit
bring your pot of coffee that strong how
strong real strong strong enough knock
steam off in Arizona patent you fired at
30 yards and one last wish brought on by
this bitch when her legs wind swished it
bring me a tuna fish sandwich
[Applause]
thank you much I'll do a story for you
haven't done this in a while somebody
asked me to do this little story it's
called the alphabet story and for those
of you out there listening to this I
started a and go straight through to Z
letter by letter but it kind of takes a
southern accent to make this work
[Music]
hey there dudes
I won't tell you a story you might not
believe
because you see it's about a friend of
mine he's from Detroit and I'm gonna
tell you something about him he's crazy
why f you dare him to do something he'll
do it provided the money's right Jesus
Christ I remember the time weaves in
this pitch door we bet him a dollar he
wouldn't bite the heads up one of them
little white rats he did it
I said damn what would you do for $2 he
picked up two more and he bit the head
off a H one of them I laughed so hard I
nearly threw up I said J you the
craziest bastard I've ever seen in my
entire life
he said that's okay I'm $3 rich or two
and as all this is important to him L I
remember one time weaves at this party
and we dared em
to pee in the punchbowl he did it see
Jacob being a real last old sometime but
it weren't no big deal to him because he
could pee right on cue are you believing
this shit
because if not you kiss my ass
i guaran-damn-tee you is true
[Applause]
hell I remember one time we met him he
wouldn't make love to this girl that had
VD for $10
he said he'll if you'll double your
money I'll make love to her brother he
would have done it too except we didn't
have $20 26 hours
now YJ did this shit I'll never know
cuz when it comes to getting poontang he
got zero
[Applause]
thank you very much you guys have been
terrific I hope to see
[Music]
Jeff Foxworthy
thank you god bless you thank you for
coming thank you sir no dude don't need
to paint lines on the street they don't
use them here anyway man and we're nice
people but we don't use the damn lines
on the street do it i'm daniel you come
here you're coming to a city where merge
is a personal challenge I'll merge with
you by God come on out here
oh hell he yielded he's a candy-ass
you live here you find out what right
away means I'm right here in the damn
way now go in Atlanta traffic lights are
merely a suggestion at this point yeah I
am better that we're out we saw this guy
he's in his car he's at the red light in
the right-hand Lane go and hold on baby
because since this sumbitch turns brain
we're gonna make a left-hand turn here I
don't know how the hell they know when
he lays a drunk-driving here that's a
big deal nowadays too you know this is
drinking and driving their safety go out
drinking take along somebody that's not
drinking to be your designated driver
how many of you were designated goes to
people he's got a beer right there he's
run over it will G up a drink with my
left hand a drive with my right no
matter how drunk this thing gets I get
home one person the whole damn room does
hope you got a big car at least 300
people staring at me like hell Jeff why
the he'll get drunk if you ain't gonna
drive he'll just see all those
headlights coming at you trying to
figure out which two the real one
[Applause]
there gets it now - they got
organizations against you what they got
like what is this sad Students Against
Drunk Driving MADD Mothers Against Drunk
Driving damn drunks against Mad mother
yeah hell if you just take the worst
drinking and driving what does that
spell dad and my dad can do some serious
ass drinking and driving only guy ever
know to get a DUI on a riding lawnmower
no chased him through three states he
did good
I like the designated driver program
really do anything safer than the way we
used to do it Hey Dude get up give us a
ride home man come on way safe we'll buy
you a beer come on ways right
[Applause]
you know the problem with a designated
driver program it's not a desirable job
because if you think about it basically
you're just babysitting people whose
biggest ambition is to pee in the
parking lot or something but if you ever
get talked into doing it have fun with
them like at the end of the night drop
them off in the wrong damn house
preferably in their boss's front yard or
someone where the hell are my flamingos
you can make money on a few drunks we'll
give you money for anything this point
you could cram as many of them as you
can get in your car on the way home stop
it every gas station you come to get out
pretend like you're putting gas in the
car making them pay for a full damn
thing you make for five hundred dollars
in a ten-mile stretch their damn bill
the mileage on this thing sucks
[Applause]
some of you know what I'm talking about
don't drink and drive it seriously it's
not funny few years ago I was out I got
drunk and I'm driving and I hit a deer
and totaled my car it should have been
driving in the woods you know but I'm
still I got my dad I was a little kid I
was right ladies and gentlemen if you
have a television set you have seen this
man you know him you love him the
incredible Jeff Foxworthy
thank you my thank you
hey y'all doing
you you can tell that back in the south
you got those noises there yeah boy it's
nice to be back home it really is I've
been working up in New York City a lot
like from New York come here several of
you yeah I had a great time up there
really did and I do miss the smell of
urine on the sidewalk we're so done we
pee indoors down here New York is a
great place to work it really is the
problem I find a lot of people up north
you know they think everybody from the
south is married to their sister and has
seen a UFO you know I told them Hill I'm
just dating my sister and I couldn't
swear it wasn't a weather balloon as a
reputation we have they think we're
goobers in the side because of the way
we talk and I told them I said we're not
stupid I said we have words y'all don't
even have up here we do you come down
south we have words like you two we're
going to mow y'all Ted what letter does
that start with
[Music]
my dad's got a great southern word he'll
use it like when dogs come in our front
yard
my dad will run out on the porch and
holler get out of him I have no idea how
you spell it but it works real then yeah
and if that word don't work this one
will that's a dead word there and you
know what the province southern action
is the hardest accent to be cool with
you know like a New York accent is a
cool accent they come down south they
fit right in it's like you pass the
fucking grits y'all alright you can't be
cool with a southern accent I mean you
can take us somewhere nice somewhere
like a nude beach on the French Riviera
we'd be out there going damn this looks
like a good place to fish here and bring
the cooler
[Music]
we'll be going up two naked women hey
you don't know where we pick up some red
wigglers do you
[Applause]
[Music]
now well given this things are more
sophisticated up north like in the north
when guys fall in love they think they
have to buy candy and wine and roses
he'll himself we fall in love with you
we just spray-paint your name on an
overpass that's true love there boy
say it with krylon has a reputation we
have in the south
I was in Boston not long ago guy motion
actually said to me said you know what
the problem is you don't have culture in
the south which isn't true we have
theater help few weeks ago I saw the
southern version of The Sound of Music
that was beautiful no an ear I shot last
month ray a guy that comes my gas me in
him got in a fight for is where I kicked
his ass
[Applause]
maybe we are stupid
now the people think everybody in the
South is a racist that's not true I'm
not a racer I know some people that are
but are you you might just be a redneck
we just had a family reunion Oh long ago
y'all have weird relatives everybody has
weird relatives and weird neighbors you
know if you live in an apartment it's
guaranteed the people that live above
you are gonna play the rolling stones
and vacuum at four o'clock in the
morning my wife not had an apartment the
back of our bed was up against the
peoples next door apartment where their
herd boat where's that yeah and you can
hear the headboard it nice and unlike in
when you first heard it you kind of get
excited you know but after about an hour
it's like knock that shit off man we
don't do that kind of work over here go
to bed family really it was kind of sad
a bad year for my Uncle Earl he's always
kind of a loser I mean he'll he he lost
his job as a cook at the Waffle House
due to his appearance
[Applause]
[Music]
that's a bad mental image there
and then few months ago we had to go to
his funeral that was real sad my cousin
Clyde shot him
Teddy thought he was a dear hell bullet
went right through the windshield man he
never had a chance
so all the relatives of the family
reunion like my Siamese twin cousins
Larry and Lonnie they're joined at the
hip
they're vacationing in England because
Larry wants to drive the car for a
change
you'll get that tomorrow don't even
worry about that
had people like my gay black cousin
Desmond Desmond we're saying he's into
baseball now he's tensed you know the
other day I was watching the television
what you wanted Michael Jackson's show
and I'm flipping the channel and this
baseball game came on some Batman's with
one glove just driving me crazy so I'm
looking at this baseball game and the
announcer said this next man coming up
swung a really big stick girlfriend my
heart went into palpitations right down
with this man he come out of dugout he
go up to the plate to bat and he is
grabbing himself grabbing himself right
there on TV I had to sit down because my
thighs are burning dancing within the
announce that came back on and said the
man had three balls on him honey my butt
went into convulsions
have people like my fat obnoxious cousin
Rowena there that's not nice to say
Rowena spat but when she walks across
the living room the radio skips now
let's seem to burn up a couple of pair
of corduroy pants just from walking too
fast it's pretty embarrassing one year
we all went to the circus and this guy
kept following her with a shovel you
know see bro wait I'll tell you though
she says she's not fat she just retains
water I said so does the fucking Hoover
down
dizzi visor closes these specialty
stores where they start out with Lane
Bryant
now they got added dimensions I think
it's a prince term for Kent frame your
ass into a normal sized pair of pants
they got storage in all the malls
usually located between the chick-fil-a
and the Baskin Robbins so the people can
find they were always on the ground for
it just in case too many people shop at
one time
they try to make these people feel good
about themselves sighs there closes like
in fours fives and sixes I think that
refers to the number of acres of
material required Heather spring catalog
is aerial photographs sundress in a
pasture
had a lot of old people there and you
love them they're your family but you
get tickled at them to let couple of the
old women have that real fluffy skin on
the upper part of their arm and it
looked like the Batman logo or something
and more holy bat flaps grandma and my
grandmother bless her heart she shakes
real bad she shakes so bad we just put
her in charge at the Jiffy Pop popcorn
she was such a natural keep it movin
grandma ho good job here's the daiquiri
take that up boards we did and we took
you to the doctor about it the doctor
said well do you drink a lot of coffee
she said no no I spill most of it
weird things happen to men too when we
get oh I think they're coming day in a
man's life when his eyebrows decide
they're tired of laying down and they're
going to stand up from now on
so they age their toenails turn yellow
and about this damn thing looks like a
neat bolt cutters to cut the things off
with my dad's got toenails like that
it got some up about twice a year when
they start coming through the end of his
shoes fathers don't don't like anybody
else he when they cut him off they don't
throw them in the trash can and they
leave them in the ashtray so the whole
family can combine observing it man
Jesus Christ look at dad's toenail
[Applause]
he might hear from Oklahoma I was out
there last month he might come on that
is a sad damn place over the home oh
yeah they do not have one tree in the
entire fucking state not one it's just
like piss on a plate nothing I'm buried
it must be hell playing hide and go seek
there as a kid little kids standing out
in the open there's Billy shit I didn't
know them they took me to a rodeo I've
never been to a rodeo the rodeo they had
a cow chip toss and they announced over
the PA system someone from Oklahoma had
invented the cow chip toss these people
were proud of shit are they're puffing
up right there I said how can you be
proud of is the fact that a hundred
years ago one of your ancestors was out
in the cow pasture going hey y'all I
just thought up a new game then it's
time we know they probably got better at
it maybe we should let it dry
[Applause]
I've been working a lot in Las Vegas
they have a show running right now in
Las Vegas it's called nudes on ice what
a winning combination this is because we
all know what cold weather does to the
human body you just got to figure women
that paid 15 bucks to see this they're
kind of getting the short end of the
stick there how old is he Harold he's a
eunuch for God's sake course we know
when women get cold you know some
exciting things happen there he'll a
nice tall girl could put somebody's eyes
wouldn't want to live anywhere but
Atlanta though I think we got one of the
best cities in the country here well
then we hit with people everybody's real
friendly and we got beautiful women here
the only bad thing about Atlanta what
were the people smoking that designed
our street system here and that had to
be like alright Julio I got a great idea
si will loop this thing around real big
like that put a dead end right there at
the end of it sucker hey listen when it
gets dark go get some exits and just
move them alright move it what is that
Peachtree Street alright we'll get about
2 B and red lights put them at every ten
foot down this suit against them like
when we play Monopoly
instead of using that little thimble or
the starting dog I just carve low black
family out of wood and every time I land
on their property they moved
a lot of misconceptions about the South
a lot of people think everybody from the
south is a redneck you don't have to
talk like this to be a redneck I've been
all over the country there's rednecks in
every single state Hemi rednecks we have
here tonight because there's one right
there I'll tell you that
see that's the broad a lot of people
don't know if they're a redneck or not
so I came up with a test to kind of help
you out let me give you a few examples
see things like if your richest relative
buys a new house and you have to help
take the wheels off of it you might be a
redneck you've ever had to carry a
bucket of paint to the top of a water
tower to defend your sister's honor
you might be a redneck if someone asks
to see your ID and you show them your
belt buckle says right there I'm ed can
y'all see that I'm in if you owe the
taxidermist more than your annual income
you might be a redneck if your mother
keeps a spit Cup on the ironing board
you might just be a redneck if your
family tree does not fork you might just
be a redneck if you help your brother
move his refrigerator and the grass
underneath it has turn yellow you might
be a redneck if your wife's hairdo has
ever been destroyed by a ceiling fan you
might be a redneck if you've lost more
than one tooth open in a beer bottle you
might be a redneck if you think God
looks kind of like Hank Williams jr.
you might be a redneck if you think a
bug zapper and a 12-pack is quality
entertainment you might be a redneck if
your mother doesn't remove the Marlboro
from her lips before telling the state
patrolman to kiss her ass you might just
be a redneck if you prefer to walk the
excess length off your jeans rather than
him then you might be a redneck if
you've ever been too drunk to fish you
might be a redneck if you have to
rethink your car at every intersection
you might be a redneck if your father
fully executed to pull my finger trick
at Christmas dinner
[Applause]
you might be a redneck if you've ever
worn a two-top to a wedding you might be
a redneck if you go to the family
reunion to pick up women