thank you thank you that was very very
nice thank you very much thank you
standing ovations now I know there's
always it excuse me
perfect start show thank you I know it's
not easy for an audience to give a
standing ovation is always a few people
that don't really want to do it I've
seen those people you know they're
always like are we doing this now
so anyway I'm thrilled to be back here
in New York I love how certain things
about New York never changed they're
always constant they're always there for
you the cabbies and the B Oh what is
with the B oh and these guys how long
are these shifts can we get this man a
10-minute break for a shower you're in
the back it's coming through the glass
you're just going home what in the world
middle of when they put that cherry pop
it stuff on the dashboard so you get the
cherry bo I don't know what that's
supposed to be even fruit showers more
often than this the finding to me about
being in these caves is that when you're
in Manhattan for some reason you don't
get scared no matter how fast the guy
goes well you know he's driving fast and
recklessly but he's a professional it's
got a cab drivers license I can see it
right there I don't even know what it
takes to get a cab driver's license I
think all you need is a face this seems
to be their big qualification no blank
heads are allowed driving cabs and this
time also helps to have a name with like
eight consonants in a row ever see some
of the letters in these names what is
the O with the line through it by the
way
what planet is that from you need a
chart of the elements if you want to
report the guy yes officer his name was
Amal than the symbol for boron no it was
not manganese I had the periodic chart
with me at the time but I love to travel
I love it whether it's a car or it's a
plane like to get out there like to keep
it moving
love airports feel safe in airports
thanks to the high-caliber individuals
we have working at x-ray security how
about this crack squad of savvy
motivated personnel the way you want to
set up your airport security is you want
the short heavyset woman at the front
with the skin tight uniform
that's your first line of defense you
want those pants so tight the flap in
front of the zipper is pulled itself
open you can see the metal tangs hanging
on for dear life
then you put the bag on the conveyor
belt goes to the little luggage car wash
then you have that other genius down the
other end looking in the little x-ray TV
screen this eye Stein has chosen to
stand in front of x-rays 14 hours a day
as his profession looking in that thing
I I have looked in that TV screen I
cannot make out one object he's saying
they what is that a hair dryer with a
scope on it that looks okay keep it
moving
some sort of bowling ball candle yeah I
got no problem with that just now we
don't want to hold up the line so I go
to the bathroom in the airport what is
the story on the sinks in Airport
bathrooms that they will not give us a
twisted on twisted off human style
faucet is that too risky for the general
population to taint risk we better
install the one-handed spring-loaded
pain-in-the-ass Alcatraz style faucets
you know those ones we got to go ahead
whore I got a little water there oh
we're not a couple drops what is it that
they think we would do with a foster
turn them all on full run out into the
parking lot laughing pushing each other
into the bushes come on the water's on
let's go
I turned it on oh wow yeah we're
businessmen we're gonna miss our plane
who cares water that's how they think
we'll be hey do the people that work in
these little shops in the airport have
any idea what the prices are every place
else in the world
yeah $14 tuna sandwich we think that's
fair that's what we charge in our
country hey you get on the plane pilot
of course always has to come on the PA
system this guy so excited about being a
pilot he can't even stand himself well
I'm gonna take it up to about 20,000 and
I'm gonna make a left by Pittsburgh and
I'm gonna make a right by Chicago then
I'm gonna bring it down to 15,000 give
you the whole route all his moves we're
in the back going yeah fine that's all
you know just do whatever the hell you
got to do I don't know
this end up where it says on the ticket
really
do I bother him with what I'm doing
knocking on the cockpit door I'm having
the peanuts now yeah that's what we're
doing back here
thought I keep you posted I'm not gonna
have them all now I'm just gonna have a
few I don't want to finish it because
it's such a big bag
then the stewardesses have to come out
they have to do their little emergency
equipment show you know that thing they
do one of them reads it the other one
acts it out hey we have seatbelts and
oxygen man's things for you to you they
show you how to use a seatbelt in case
you haven't been in a car since 1965 oh
you lift up on the buckle oh I was
trying to break the metal apart I
thought that's how it works I was gonna
try and tear the fabric part of the belt
I thought if I could just get it started
then they always point out the emergency
exits always with that very vague point
though isn't it where that where the
hell with these places B which is said
planes at a 90 degree degree angle your
hair is on fire you're looking for this
how do you think you're gonna do there
she's thinking I'm getting out before
you're getting out you're dead you're
dead I'm going then they always have to
close that first class curtain - and
they always give you that little look
maybe if you would work a little harder
I wouldn't have to do this it's all tiny
world on the airplane isn't it is always
that little tiny table they're tiny
computer everyone's a little cramped see
tiny food China utensils tiny liquor
bottles tiny bathroom tiny sink tiny
mirror tiny faucets so he's a small
problem gonna be a slight delay we're
gonna be a little late I always go in
the airplane bathroom even if I don't
have to go I got to go in there it's
nice it's like your own little apartment
on the plane isn't it go in there lock
the door the life comes on after a
second second little surprise party but
I'm always impressed with the amount of
equipment that they have in that place I
mean it's a little but they got the
tissues towels closets compartments tiny
slot for used razor blades they always
have that who is shaving on the plane
and shaving so much they're using up
razor blades is this what's happening
what is the wolf man's lying in there
for Christ's sakes
who could shave that much higher
so I'm supposed to go down to Florida
next week after we're done here that's
where all my relatives live I don't
really want to go Florida not old people
down there you know they live in those
minimum security prisons that's where
they put all the old people what's with
all the security there with the guard
gate with the arm coming down everyone's
got a uniform guns are the old people
trying to escape or are people stealing
old people what is the security problem
I just can't drive around there you know
how the old people drive they drive slow
they sit low that is their motto state
flag of Florida should be just a
steering wheel with a hat and two
knuckles on
and that left turn signal on for when
they left the house that morning that's
a legal turn in Florida it's known as an
eventual left you can signal this week
turn any following year of your life
what is that age that old people reach
where they decide when they back out of
a driveway they're not looking anymore
you know how they do that they just go
well I'm old and I'm coming back
I survived let's see if you can one
thing I do like about being with my
older relatives it makes me feel like a
kid again you know they're feeding you
you're trying to steal candy candy was
my whole life when I was a kid that was
first ten years of my life I think the
only clear thought I had was get candy
that was a family friend school
they're just obstacles in the way of the
candy I'm out for the candy here I'm
just thinking it can't eat can't eat
can't make it can to get candy that's
why you have to teach kids not to take
candy from a stranger if they're playing
in a playground because there's such
candy moron idiot brains it's just this
man s candy I'm going with him goodbye I
don't care what happens to me go can
they get can they get Danny get Danny
don't go they'll talk to you they'll
kidnap your doesn't matter he has a no
Henry I have to take that chance it
candy cat family get candy so the first
time you hear the the concept of
Halloween when you're a kid your brain
can't even process the information you
can be like what what is this what did
you say so what did you say about giving
out candy who was giving out to him
everyone that we know is just giving out
candy are you kidding me when is this
happening where why take me with you I
gotta be a part of this I'll do anything
that they want I can wear that
I'll wear anything I have to wear I'll
do anything I have to do to get the
candy from those fools that are so
stupidly giving it away so the first
couple years I made my own costumes
which of course suck the ghost the hobo
no good then finally third year begging
the parents got the Superman Halloween
costume not surprisingly cardboard box
cellophane top mask included remember
the rubber band on the back of that mask
that was a quality item there wasn't it
that was good for about ten seconds
before it snapped out of that cheap
little staple they put it in there with
you go to your first house trick or
snack but broke I don't believe it
wait up you guys I gotta fix it hey wait
up wait up
that's what kids say they don't say wait
they say wait up hey wait up cuz when
you're little your life is up the future
is up everything you want is up wait up
hold up shut up mom I'll clean up let me
stay parents of course it's just the
opposite everything is down just calm
down
slow down come down here sit down
put that down
so I had my little costume I was
physically ready I was preparing myself
I did not try on the costume prior to
Halloween do you remember this his this
is an obscure one but on the side of the
box I remember this on my Superman
costume it actually said do not attempt
to fly they printed that as a warning
cuz kids were putting it on here going
off the roof I love the idea of the kid
who's stupid enough to think he actually
is Superman but smart enough to check
that box before he goes off the roof
wait let me see if it says anything
about me being Superman oh wait a second
here I so anyway put my hopes were up I
was thinking that this is probably the
same exact costume that Superman wears
himself you put these things on it's not
exactly the super fit that you are
hoping for it looks more like Superman's
pajamas is what it looks like it's all
kind of loose and flowing and the
neckline kind of comes down about there
flimsy little ribbon string in the back
plus my mother makes me wear my winter
coat over the costume anyway
I don't recall Superman wearing a jacket
not like I had cheap corduroy phony fur
boy I'm Superman but it's a little
chilly out and I'm glad I've got this
cheap little ten-year-old kids jacket so
I'm going out I'm trick-or-treating but
the mask the rubber band keeps breaking
it keeps getting shorter I'm fixing it
it's getting tighter and tighter on my
face you know when it starts slicing
into your eyeballs there yeah you're
trying to breathe through that little
hole getting all sweaty I can't see I
can't breathe oh we got to keep going we
gotta get the kid a and a half hour into
he just take that mask off that how r
then Bing bong yeah it's me give me the
candy
yeah I'm Superman look at the pant legs
what do you care
who are those the last couple years
trick-or-treating getting a little too
old for it still out there going through
the motions
Bing bong come on Lady let's go
Halloween doorbells candy let's pick it
up and then come to the door they always
ask you those same stupid questions what
are you supposed to be I'm supposed to
be done by now you want to move it along
the three musketeers I got 18 houses on
this block sweetheart just hit the bag
we hit the road that's the way it works
sometimes they give you that little
white bag twisted on the top you know
that's gonna be some crap candy doesn't
have the official Halloween markings on
it hold it lady wait a second what is
this the orange marshmallows shaped like
a big peanut do me a favor you keep that
yeah we have all the doorstops we need
already thank you we're going for named
candy only this year
food is so complicated as an adult it's
just where you see people in the
supermarket they're just sweating it out
nobody knows what do I eat that protein
the carbs and the fat content oh my god
fat content I'm just walking up to each
other you look pretty good what are you
eating maybe I'll eat that the whole
supermarket itself is designed to break
down your sense of having any life
outside the supermarket it's like a
casino there's no clocks no windows no
easily accessible exits you ever not buy
anything in the supermarket and try and
get out of there it's impossible there's
no way out you can see what happens to
people when they're walking up to the
supermarket they really have the whole
sense of purpose I'm gonna get this I'm
gonna get bad I'm gonna pay for it I'm
gonna get out of here and you're right
back to my normal life you see that same
person ten minutes later just
what aisle is this why did I come up
here always noticing something new well
I got him in Mesquite flavor now what is
Mesquite wonderful a for mosquitoes
proto section I always find very
challenging is always some special thing
you're supposed to know you know about
each fruit summertime make sure your
peaches are I don't know whatever it is
yeah fake it you know I'm shaking stuff
holding it up to the light yeah that's a
good one sure glad I found that one
cantaloupes rolling down the aisle see
the way that's fading left that one's
not ready I don't want that one I'm very
impressed with this seedless watermelon
product that they have for us they've
done it
we now have seedless watermelon pretty
amazing what are they planting to grow
the seedless watermelon I wonder the
melons aren't humping are they they must
be planting something
how does this work and what kind of
scientists do this type of work I read a
thing with 15 years in development in
the laboratories with you know gene
splicing or whatever they do there I
don't know I mean other scientists
working on AIDS cancer heart disease
these guys are going no I'm gonna devote
myself to Mellon I think that's much
more important sure a thousands are
dying needlessly with this that's got to
stop
you ever try and pick up a wet one off
the floor it's almost impossible I
really think we should devote the money
to these studies milk is a big problem
for people in the supermarket they're
never quite sure if they have it if they
need it they bury it way in the back in
the supermarket you got to find it you
gotta hack your way through all the
displays well and there it is there's
the milk do we have any mail people are
never really sure if they have milk I
think you have nope we might have I know
there's a carton in there I don't know
how much is it well what should we do is
you want to be sure there's nothing
worse than thinking you have milk I'm
not happy you know you got the bowl set
up to cereal to spoon the napkin the TV
the newspaper everything's ready to go
you gotta lift up the carton and it's
too light huh oh no too light or
sometimes you think you need okay we
better pick up some milk like many of
you were thinking right now
you know he's right maybe we should pick
up some milk so you'll pick up some milk
on the way home and then you'll discover
you already had milk and now you got way
too much milk that's no good either now
it's a race against the clock with the
expiration day that freaky thing now
you're eating giant punch bowls of
cereal three meals a day you're washing
your face with milk bringing cats in
from all over the neighborhood hurry up
and drink it come on it's almost time
get it back over here how do they know
that that is the definite exact day you
know they don't say like it's in the
vicinity give or take
roughly they brand it right into the
side of the carton limit that's your
goddamn day right there
oh don't screw with us we know what day
is the final day and then it is so old
never have milk the day after the day
scares the hell out of you doesn't it
this spoon is trembling as it comes out
of the book it's after the day I'm
taking a big chance I smelled it you
smell it what is it supposed to smell
like
smell like bill to me I don't know how
they're so definite though maybe the
cows tip him off when they're milking
him July 3rd
to me the only thing tougher than the
supermarket is the drugstores drugstore
is really challenging because you have
no idea what they're talking about you
know you're just looking at in Greece I
had a cold a couple weeks ago so I go in
there and I'm looking it's just like the
entire wall is cold medication you know
and you can't understand anything so
you're just reading ingredie ever catch
yourself reading ingredients in the
drugstore no this has point O three
tetrahydrozoline that's a good amount of
that but it's so hard to figure out
sometimes you know they have like this
one's quick acting this one's
long-lasting hmm when do I need to feel
good now or later
I don't know they always tell you how
the medicine works on TV you know the
commercials that's my favorite part
where the guy says here's the human body
so he's this guy
you know this guy no face mouth open
this is our drug company see the public
he's always got the two coming down here
and then the circle area these are the
complex inner workings of the human body
I assume I'm sure when you go to medical
school they put that up on the board the
first day okay everyone now remember
you've got your tube coming down from
the mouth and that goes into your circle
area that's pretty much all we know
that's it for today don't miss tomorrow
we're gonna practice making people wait
in a little room in their underwear and
then you'll all be doctors that's all
there is to it then they have to show
you the pain you know that part where
they say here's where you hurt pain is
usually represented by some sort of
lightning attack in the guy glowing
redness is popular sometimes parts of
the guy's body will just burst into
flames
sometimes the whole guy is like out of
focus
I never had a doctor say to me are you
having any pain yes I am are you having
any lightning with the pain have you
been in a funhouse mirror at any time
then they tell you about the pain
relieving ingredient there's always got
to be a lot of that nobody wants
anything less than extra strength extra
strength is the absolute minimum you
can't even get strength strength this
out now it's all extra strength some
people not satisfied with extra they
want maximum give me the maximum
strength give me the maximum allowable
human dosage figure out what will kill
me and then back it off a little bit
and why does that pharmacist have to be
two and a half feet higher than
everybody else who the hell is this guy
clear out everybody I'm working with
pills up here I'm taking them from this
big bottle then I'm gonna put them in a
little bottle that's my whole job I
can't be down on the floor with you
people yes I'd like to get this
prescription filled please all right but
you wait down there no one comes up here
but me that little bit of arrogance in
the medical community I think we could
all live without like when you go to see
the doctor you don't see the actual
doctor first you must wait in the
waiting room there's no chance of not
waiting that's the name of the room the
doctors are all back though we can't
take them now we've already got this
room you sit there you pretend you're
reading your little magazine you're
actually looking at the other people
you know wonder what he's got that guy's
a goner then they call you get very
excited when they call you cuz you think
now you're gonna see the doctor but
you're not now you're going into the
next smaller waiting room now you don't
even have your magazine now you got your
pants around your ankles you're sitting
on that butcher paper they pull out over
the table sometimes I bring a pickle
with me and I put it next to me right
there on the table
I don't know case the doctor wants to
fold the whole thing up for it to go
order get your pants off and get in
there and I will tell you what I think
doctors always want your pants up take
your pants off doctor would like to see
you with no pants let's get him off it's
my head I said take your pants off but I
hate the extra way so I started maybe
I'll start screwing around with us on
his stuff you know maybe I'll turn that
thing up a little bit whatever the hell
that does take all the tongue depressors
out lick them all put them all back
there yeah two can play at this waiting
game just once I'd like to say to the
doctor you know what I'm not ready for
you yet why don't you go back in your
little office I'll be in in a minute
and get your pants off
then we'll see what's what why is the
doctor need that little office for
anyway
you know his books little stupid
aquarium I guess he doesn't want people
to see him looking stuff up what the
hell was that
Jesus Christ that was kind of gross
that wasn't the tube or the circle my
friend of mine is going in for nose job
next week guy Nostra
you know what the technical term for a
nose job is well of course you do it's
New York
everybody rhinoplasty Rhino
now this guy is aware he has a bit of a
problem
he's obviously sensitive about it that's
why he made the appointment do we need
to compare him to a rhinoceros when you
go for a hair transplant they don't say
we're going to perform a q-ball ectomy
on you mr. Johnson we feel the chrome
dome 'ya has advanced to a level we term
skinhead eeeh
these are all medical terms that you
don't need understand of course
everybody wants to look their best we're
all out there money wants to look good
guys gal sexuality I am a single guy by
the way there are no other guys attached
to me thank you very much thank you I
love you too but I do feel the need to
see other people
I was uh I got engaged about ten or so
years ago didn't want to get married
that was the only closest I got um I can
tell you this if you're engaged and you
don't want to get married it's a little
tense
it's like you're on that first Hill of
the roller coaster but you don't really
want to go on the ride you're just going
click click click click I was best man
the wedding one time that was pretty
good pretty good title I thought best
man I thought it was bit much I thought
wait up the groom and a pretty good man
that's more than enough if I'm the best
man why is she marrying him I had to
wear the tuxedo which I'm convinced was
invented by a woman well they're all the
same we might as well dress them all the
same
the tuxedo also functions as a wedding
safety device for the bride case the
groom chickens out everybody could just
take one step over in the ceremony
continues that's why they don't say do
you take Dave Williams to be your
lawfully wedded husband they say do you
take this man but men and women will
never understand each other we all know
that it's just not gonna happen just
forget it
I know I will not understand women I
know I will never be able to understand
how a woman could take boiling hot wax
poured on her upper thighs rip the hair
out by the root and still be afraid of a
spider
I'm not spending any more time working
on that and I know women don't
understand men I know there are women
that are looking at me right now going I
wonder what goes on that little brain of
his I bet you I could manipulate that
brain I bet you you could
I bet you would like to know what men
are really thinking the truth the honest
truth of what men are really thinking I
cuz I could tell you would you like to
know
alright I'll tell you nothing
we're not thinking anything we're just
walking around looking around this is
the only natural inclination of man just
kind of check stuff up we work because
they force us to but other than that
this is the really only thing we want to
do we like women we want women but
that's pretty much as far as we thought
that's why we're honking car horns
yelling from construction sites these
are the best ideas we've had so far
honking the car horn amazes me this has
got to be just the last living brain
cell on this guy's skull that comes up
with this idea I don't understand the
guy Phoebe
I think I made my point what is he
supposed to do kick off the heels start
running after the car grab onto the
bumper car comes to a stop it's a good
thing you huh I had no idea how you felt
why do men behave in these ways why are
we rude I'm not just getting drunk
falling down peeling rubber making
kissing noises out the window why are we
like this
I know what you ladies are thinking no
no not my guy I'm working with him he's
coming along no he's not he's not coming
anywhere we meant no no matter how
poorly we behave it seems we will
somehow end up with women anyway look
around this room look at all the men you
see with lovely women do you think these
are special men gifted men one of a kind
man they're the same jerks and idiots
that I'm talking about they're doing
just fine men as an organization are
getting more women than any other group
working anywhere in the world today
forever women are we have men looking
into the situation right now we explored
the earth looking for women even went to
the moon just see if there was any women
there that's why we brought that little
car why would you bring a car unless
there's some chance of going on a date
what the hell were they doing with a car
on the goddamn moon you're on the moon
already isn't that far enough there is
no more male idea in the history of the
universe then why don't we fly up to the
moon and drive around that is the
essence of male thinking right there
because all men kind of think of
themselves as like low-level superheroes
in their own world I'm not even supposed
to be telling you this but when men are
growing up and they're reading about
Batman spider-man Superman these aren't
fantasies these are options this is the
deep inner secret truth of the male mind
I'll give you a perfect example of what
I'm talking about you ever see a guy out
on the highway moving a mattress tied to
the roof of the car without fail he's
got the arm out the window holding the
mattress this is classic male idiot
superhero thinking this moron believes
if the wind catches this huge rectangle
at 70 miles an hour I got it I got
don't worry about I'm using my arm but
I'm sure there are many dates going on
in this room right now dating is not
easy what is it date really but a job
interview that lasts all night only
difference between a date and a job
interview is not many job interviews is
there a chance you'll end up naked at
the end of it well bill the boss thinks
you're the man for the position why
don't you strip down meet some of the
people you'll be working with sex
doesn't make anything any easier even
only makes it more complicated women
have two types of orgasms the actual
ones and the ones that they make up on
their own and I can give you the male
point of view on this which is we're
fine with it you do whatever the hell it
is you got to do
to a man sex is like a car accident
anyway and determining a female orgasm
is like being asked what did you see
after the car went out of control well I
remember I heard a lot of screeching
noises I was facing the wrong way at one
point and in the end my body was thrown
clear I'll tell you what I like about
Chinese people
they're hanging in there with the
chopsticks aren't they you know they've
seen the fork they're staying with the
sticks I'm impressed by the I don't know
how they missed it
Chinese farmer gets up works in the
shovel works in the field with a shovel
all day shovel spoon come on there it is
you're not plowing 40 acres with a
couple of pool cues and why is
McDonald's still counting this is really
insecure isn't it 40 jillion 80 million
zillion brilliant Kilian tell you what
is this does it mean anything to anyone
89 billion sold okay
I'll have one I would love to meet the
chairman of the board of McDonald's just
say to him look we all get it you've
sold a lot of hamburgers whatever the
hell the number is just put up a sign
McDonald's we're doing very well I don't
need to hear about every goddamn one of
them but what is their ultimate goal to
have cows just surrendering voluntarily
or something
showing up at the door we'd like to turn
ourselves in we see the sign we realize
we have very little chance out there
we'd like to be a happy meal if that's
at all
I was in London about a month ago the
World Cup was going on I enjoy any
sporting event where nations get
involved I'm not the most exciting the
Olympics is really my favorite sporting
event although I think I have a problem
with that silver medal I think if I was
an Olympic athlete
I would rather come in last then win the
silver if you think about it you know
you win the gold you feel good you win
the bronze I think well least I got
something but you in that silver that's
like congratulations you almost won of
all the losers you came in first of that
group you're the number one loser no one
lost ahead of you and they don't lose by
much you know these short races three
hundreds of a second two hundredths of a
second I don't know how they live with
that the rest of their lives because he
got to tell the story everyone wants to
hear the story Wow congratulations
silver medal did you trip did you not
hear the gun go off tell us what
happened
it's a hundredth of a second even people
say what was the difference in them in
the walk March in there what was it well
it was like from now was like now now -
now now - now - now now no no no no no
no no no how was it it was all I trained
I worked out I exercised my entire life
I never had a date I never had a drink I
never had a beer I was doing push-ups in
Sai was a fetus
I flew halfway around the world
everybody I knew in my whole life was
there like I said I think I know
and they always have that photo finish
you know the photo finish was always
silver gold this is the whole race gold
silver bronze dead last greatest guy in
the world never heard of them
guys gotta be thinking if I had a pimple
I would have won so many events the
Olympics don't make sense to me I don't
understand their connection to any
reality like like in the Winter Olympics
they have that biathlon you know that
one that combines cross-country skiing
with shooting a gun
how many Alpine snipers are into this
but ski shoot a gun ski bang bang bang
to me it's like combining swimming and
strangle a guy why don't we have that
that makes absolutely as much sense to
me just put people in the pool at the
end of each lane for the swimmers
and that other one the that I love is
the luge
you know the luge with a guy where's the
slick suit this is what this is on the
bobsled run but it's not even a sled
it's just Bob it's just a human being
hanging on for their life this is the
whole sport just oh he pointed his toes
all his guys a tremendous athlete
the luge is the only sport I've ever
seen that you could have people
competing in it against their will and
it would be exactly the same you know if
they were just grabbing people off the
street hey hey hey what is this I don't
want to be in the lose you know you put
the helmet on them you wouldn't really
hear him screaming just you're in the
luge buddy
well record
didn't even want to do it I want to see
that event next year at the involuntary
Lula SHhhh
I consider myself something of a
sportsman I like sporty type things
scuba diving did that in Australia that
was a lot of fun another great activity
where your main goal is to not die
that's really all I was thinking about
the entire day just don't die don't die
don't die don't die this official is
rock who cares don't die I don't want to
go let's swim and breathe and live
because living is good and dying not as
good so I go with this guy
mr. scuba guy takes me to the store make
sure I buy everything I need I had the
waterproof wallet I got now nylon in
case we run into a sea turtle that can
break a 50
waterproof watch that's important G and
completely out of oxygen and look at the
time please now I'm dead and I'm late
I like these somewhat high-risk things
the scuba the I've gone hang gliding
I've gone skydiving I like a little bit
of risk I don't maybe that's why I do
this I saw a thing actually a study that
said speaking in front of a crowd is
considered the number one fear of the
average person I found that amazing
number two was death death is number two
this means to the average person if you
have to be at a funeral you would rather
be in the casket than doing the eulogy
skydiving was definitely the scariest
thing I've ever done let me ask this
question in regards to the skydiving
what is the point of the helmet in the
skydiving I mean can you kind of make it
you jump out of that plane that chute
doesn't open the helmet is now wearing
you for protection
later on the helmets talking with the
other helmets going it's a good thing he
was there or I would have hit the ground
directly you never jump out of a plane
unless you got a human being strapped
underneath you that's basic safety there
are many things that we could point to
as proof that the human being is not
smart the helmet is my personal favorite
the fact that we had to invent the
helmet now why did we invent the helmet
well because we were participating in
many activities that were cracking our
heads we looked at the situation we
chose not to avoid these activities but
to just make little plastic hats so that
we can continue our head cracking
lifestyles
the only thing dumber than the helmet is
the helmet law the point of which is to
protect a brain that is functioning so
poorly it's not even trying to stop the
cracking of the head that it's in at
least the helmet is functional clothing
I appreciate that
clothing to me for the most part it's
just a tremendous pain in the ass if you
think of the amount of time mental
effort physical energy that goes into
your clothes picking them buying them
does that go with that I don't think I
can wear that I'm missing a button this
is dirty I gotta get something new
that's up my ass I think we should all
wear the same exact clothes because it
seems to be what happens eventually
anyway anytime you see a movie or a TV
show with these people from the future
or another planet they're all wearing
the same outfit I think the decision
just gets made alright everyone from now
on it's just gonna be the one-piece
silver suit with the V stripe and the
boos that's the outfit we're gonna be
visiting other planets who want to look
like a team here
individuality thing is over the
drycleaner I can't stand cuz I don't
think he's doing it I don't know what
goes on back there but I cannot conceive
of such a thing as actual dry-cleaning
we all accept it because we see the
stores everybody but think about dry
well what is dry you can't clean
something dry what do they do tap it
shake it blow on it there's gotta be
some kind of a liquid back there you
ever get something on your clothes and
get it off with a fingernail that's dry
cleaning that is the only dry clean I
brought this guy in a suede jacket got
spots on it cuz I was in the rain says
there's nothing we can do
water ruins leather no aren't cows
outdoors a lot of the time when it rains
or the cows go up to the farm house hey
let us say we're all wearing leather out
here hey open up man I'm suede I'm livin
suede
dry clean only is definitely the only
warning label that human beings actually
respect you know they look at cigarettes
this will give you cancer kill you kids
everything I screw it I'll do whatever
the hell I want don't drink this
medicine and operate heavy machinery
I'll glug glug glug glug who cares
that's what people I don't know what the
hell are doing I'm a pro but if you have
something that's dry clean only and
someone goes to put it in the wash
machine don't put in the wife he's right
there are you crazy out of your mind
it is amazing what people will believe I
mean I watch these infomercials late at
night if it gets late enough the product
start to look good to me I have actually
found myself sitting there thinking you
know I don't think I have a knife that
can cut through a shoe
I don't think any of my knives are good
enough to cut through shoes I'm gonna
get this knife and cut my shoes up that
seems pretty good
I think the dumbest thing you can think
late at night is you know I'm gonna get
this thing in get in shape you know it's
like 3:00 in the morning you got potato
chip crumbs on your shirt there you got
one eye open one sock hanging off of the
foot you know yeah I'm gonna start
working out with this thing I'm gonna
order this thing this is all I need to
get in shape this is a fantastic device
just rip off can't stop getting ripped
off we're gonna get ripped off we think
we're not we think we're very clever we
think we're gonna foil the crooks you
know we go to the beach go in the water
put your wallet in the sneaker who's
gonna know what criminal mind could
penetrate this fortress of security I
put it down by the toe they never looked
there they check the heels they move on
well you have a movie TV set in the
backseat of your car then I got to leave
the car on the street for a few minutes
so you put a sweater over the team
it's a couple of sweaters that's all one
of them is square with antenna coming
out of it so feeble the things we come
up with the foil crooks again the like
the wanted posters at the post office
your ear there you got your package
you're trying to mail something this
guy's wanted in 12 states yeah now what
okay you know I checked the guy standing
a line behind me if it's not him that's
pretty much all I can do why don't they
just hold on to this guy when they're
taking his picture
the guy's there with you come out from
behind the camera grab up now we don't
do that we take their picture we let him
go
that's how we get the front and side
shot the front is his face the side is
him leaving why don't they put the
pictures of the criminals on the postage
stamps let the postman look for him he's
out there walking around all day
he's got the uniform on can he do
something we got another letter for you
here mr. Johnson I think that's him so
we really did have a good time on this
is the end of our of a long tour and
when you're on the road you always have
to do whatever anyone suggests that day
because you have nothing to do and you
have no ideas so you do whatever I want
anyone suggests so a couple weeks ago we
go to the track I have I did that a
couple times in my life betting on the
horses
you can't possibly when I don't even
understand what we're betting on I mean
do the horses know that it's a race are
they aware but what is going on here
after the race of the horse is walking
back to the stable I was third I was
first I was nine I think they're
thinking oat bag I get my oat bag now Oh
bag time I got a bet on this idiot
I mean I'm sure the horses have some
idea that the jockey is in a big hurry I
mean he's on him he's hitting him with
the thing he's going come on come on
this is obviously he he's in a hurry the
jockeys in the hurry
but the horse must get to the end and go
we were just here what was the point of
that this is where we were that was the
longest possible route you could take
why don't we just stay here we would
have been posed
I'll tell you one thing the horses
definitely do not know they do not know
you should accidentally trip and break
your leg at any point during the race we
blow your brains out
I think they're missing that little
tidbit of information I think if they
knew that you'd see some mighty careful
Stepan coming down that homestretch take
it easy take it easy you win all place
whatever
the important thing is your help
I've gone horseback riding I can't do
that and I have I don't give you the
really good horses when you're not good
at it I found out the guy says see what
level rider would you say that you are I
said I don't know zero nothing whatever
the system is I can't do it is that
clear enough for you I'm going where the
horse wants to go
that's my level of course to hear that
they start looking around all right his
gluestick back yet
how about almost dead one of you saddle
him up so I get on this u-shaped
lightning-quick steed I got the only
horse you could put your feet flat on
the ground while you ride now I'm riding
a hammock here
looking up at my friends I don't feel
like we all got the same kind of horse
here it's kind of a secure feeling I
could walk along with him if I wanted
but he and the horse wasn't too thrilled
with having me even cuz I don't know
what the hell I'm doing so he takes
control going this way going that way
I'm trying to come on come on then they
just stop you know and you what what is
it anyway then they look up at you
chill out Hopalong I know the trail yeah
I'm here every goddamn day okay and I
really appreciate the kicking while I'm
taking a leak - yeah thanks a lot that
really improves the already wonderful
life that I have people either sitting
on me you are kicking me while I'm
peeing I'm living in a paradise here at
the ranch I get out of a car that has
300 horsepower so I could sit on an
animal that has one why do we even use
the term horsepower is that to further
humiliate horses the space shuttle
Rockets have 20 million horsepower is
there any point in still comparing it to
the horses or any chance of going back
to using rockets with horses trying to
keep track of how many we're gonna need
a horses a rocket engines broke down can
you get 20 million friends together
really fast
20 million that's a long they make glue
out of horses I don't know who started
that who saw that potential that's
pretty amazing to me are you working in
a stationery store a horse walks by hey
wait a minute
I think he could be glue how do we pick
out the really sticky ones you leave
that to me what about that one over
there he's weaving around it looks like
he's out of his mind he'll be crazy glue
to me the toughest part of that horse
life is that trailer why do they make
the horse trailer like that is that the
best way to move a horse out on the
highway with their huge fat disgusting
rear ends right in my face
do the horses like it they're probably
standing in the back going do you feel a
draft bill I can't see anything back
there but it's awfully breezy isn't it
you don't think are a huge fat asses are
hanging out the back of this truck yeah
why the hell would they do that to us
they already ride us around and kick us
while we're peon why stick our ass out
of a truck but I have fully adjusted to
the road I like hotels
I enjoy tiny soap I pretend that it's
normal soap and my muscles are huge
and you can always tell when you're in a
fine quality luxury hotel when the TV is
bolted to a solid steel beam and welded
into the wall is this a big problem in
the hotel business people coming up to
the desk I'd like to check out the main
thing is the bathroom the shower that's
got to be good that's why I don't like
to stay with people on the road I don't
want to be in other people's showers I
never know how to operate them you know
I mean you can never get the ratios
right on the dials sometimes a sixteenth
of an inch is a thousand degree you got
to get out of the way of the water
there's always that little hair stuck on
the wall too and you want to get rid of
it but you don't want to touch it I
don't know how I got up that high in the
first place maybe it's got a life of its
own me in anything so you got to aim the
showerhead at the hair
that never works you got to get a pool
of water from under the shower and over
to the hair get it down a foot at a time
like this the hair is hanging on
but we have to fight these battles we're
all alone in the bathroom whatever goes
wrong you have to handle it you ever go
to a big party go in the bathroom flush
your toilet and the water starts coming
up this is the most frightening moment
in the life of a human being you'll do
anything to stop this you'll lose your
mind start talking on the toilet no
please don't do this to me
no come on you know this is not my
responsibility I didn't make this happen
I'll get you the blue thing the man in
the boat just let me off the hook
there's one time thank you very much
you've been a wonderful audience thank
you for coming
I can't believe this swing and line is
what I've always wanted
I forgot all of that when you walk
through the door bachelorhood oh it
sounded so good now I'm not so sure
suddenly I'm not so free
you can't believe swangin life I've
always wanted
the back that I really wanted more I'll
get my hand give
and maybe I think you'll find but I just
left this swing and life behind
you