how I'm thinking welcome to the filming
of my first-ever DVD so it's very
exciting
[Applause]
he's doing this shushing stop that we're
fucking I was going mental back there
going what Kant is in the fight all
right
who's seen me before okay who's never
seen me live before okay you sound like
a happy bunch then the other people it's
not a great sign this is meant to be the
the to show from my editor show called
thirty but because the DVD it's mostly
going to be that show we're going to put
a few with the old gags in stuff stuff
that we want to get on tape so if you
saw my last tour don't start getting all
bitchy at me because I fucking egg story
again we're gonna do it I got no fucking
dudes so then he's a boy Jim I work as a
comic is I did well then actually start
the first day the tour was yesterday we
started Helsinki and I fight the like
fucking 600 Finland people and they're
retarded and I went to never know just
they're going oh you are the man who
gets punched in the head very good
okay I wear the Sweden indeed gigs right
and the swedish people are fuckin just
the best-looking people I've ever seen
my life I didn't see one ugly fucker I
was out there I think they might be
killing the ugly people now I'm not
saying they walk around the street
killing people I'm saying they're doing
it from birth right they'll be like a
woman given birth to be like a doctor
and then they'll be like an official guy
in the corner right the doctor pulls the
baby out he shows it to the official boy
he goes no the doctor gets the babies he
throws it in the corner all the other
ugly dead babies and there's such a
rational breed I don't think the woman
would even be upset
I think should just be going was it ugly
was it thank you for saving me from the
shame it is my unfortunate should have
had sex with a Scottish man
[Applause]
I'm going to talk a lot about me family
members tonight start with a minor
member my 15 year old cousin has
recently become pregnant and I'm really
offended by this is a taxpayer she's got
a fucking keep it she's fifteen auric
and cut the fucking thing ever it's not
it's not my responsibility my auntie has
to take care of it right 15 that means
she was fucking at 14 and maybe even 13
I went to a rough school I was a well
when I was 14 15 16
no but my school was fucking not even
the cool kids were fucking we were happy
with fingering remember let's bring that
back oh I can finger go infirmary they
don't keep me going through till August
right for these kids they all fuck each
other all getting knocked up and they
got sex education I never had any sex
education nothing they get a lot of
money or a Wednesday and they all fuck
each other I think they've got too much
information I think we should fuck sex
education off completely and just start
showing these kids pornography from a
very young age at least that way the
boys will know to come on the girls
faces
sure right we'll go up the teen
pregnancy will go down I'm changing the
world and now I will talk about my
grandmother she died just before they
ever refers to where she died she was 92
years old she's meant to die I would
have been more surprised if she did like
a motocross rally but the evening was
she was made to die like two years ago
and she's been dying ever since right in
two years ago I mean mum rings me up and
go he's better ring your grandma she's
got a few days to live so I ring up and
say hey grandma Jim and she went how are
you and I said are a bit billion you I
imagine now here you're not doing too
well and she goes I've been better and I
said well I tell you what grandma I'm
gonna miss you and I love you and she
said I love you too Jim and then we
cried and I put down the phone I thought
well that's that and then I went back to
the PlayStation
they're like cheese on she wasn't dead
what do you do do you call her back
what's the protocol you ring back and go
good for you didn't think you had it in
here and she's meant to die so much he
had like four fucking strokes she was
just in the end she's just like a head
in a chair and and she had dementia or
as I like to call it honesty right I've
never noticed that when someone has
dimension it's like all the kids are
standing around going don't don't listen
to it she's fucking mental
ah there's always the whole person the
quarter game she takes my money that's
not my son four strokes the faces all
drop down she wouldn't fucking die every
time I fight my father lived in Sydney
and she lived in Queens and he used to
fly up every time she was about to die
and go to bury his mom and then she
wouldn't die right and he'd bring me up
and I go oh you went up to Queens then
and he got yeah grandma died and he'd go
nut and I go better luck next time she
wouldn't die because she was religious
and those people can last for fucking
ever I believe in God or anything like
that so our Wi-Fi can all have no
problems that's why the old Pope took so
long to die remember him the one was
bent over like a banana and kept on
telling us to put our faith in the Lord
then he wouldn't fucking die he was evil
he fucking every time there's a
pedophile in the Catholic Church he
moved him from fucking Church to church
to church and just when God's not
watching alright I know that pedophilia
is a very bad subject to bring up at the
five-minute mark of a show and you
shouldn't have maybe it's not a good
comedy subject but let's have it go if
you've seen my other shows you'll know
that I was molested by a Scoutmaster
when I was a kid
when I was a kid that's the only way to
do it really hey
he never touched me or penetrated me he
just put me in a corner and masturbate
on me but still not a great day
so I don't think I'm not speaking from
experience I'm being flippant about this
in any way and of course pedophilia is
bad and awful and all those things but I
find it weird that in society we accept
some pedophiles and then other
pedophiles we go to burn their houses
down because someone puts a picture of
their house and the son for example does
everyone know that Elvis Presley was a
pedophile it's a fact
it was president was a pedophile he had
Priscilla Presley move into his house at
14 years of age whereupon he fucked her
now
I don't care what it was in the old time
or something like that he's a fucking
pedophile all right we forgave him
because he's the king Charlie Chaplin
pedophile fuck twelve-year-old 13-yard
girls 14-yard girls if there's a statue
in Leicester Square of Charlie Chaplin
where you can all go afterwards and have
your photograph taken with the pedophile
but there's never even mentioned in
documentaries because you know they were
the best in their field there's never
gonna be another king of rock and roll
and I promise you they'll never be a
better silent movie star
but we forgive them because they were
the best all I'm saying is how talented
do you have to be to fuck a kid
and what stages do we as a society go
but he was good
Gary Glitter hey then did a good song
don't fuck a key okay
that's my take on that but back to my
grandmother dying
I am religious and evil man if you don't
believe in God and heaven alright it's
not hard dying it's a piece of piss I
don't believe in heaven and hell so I'll
just rot in the ground that I'm kind of
happy with that all right but religious
people believe in afterlife because
religious people are stupid right if
you're religious grow up well yeah like
we all forgotten santur and all that it
is fucking you're holding on to so read
a science book you dumb can't write all
the facts are there it's it's I don't
even want heaven I don't want to exist
in a conscious state for the rest of
eternity constantly thinking I don't
like thinking as it is where's my
passport car pants women in the street
the Bible calls have an eternal place I
don't care how blissful it is it's
eternal you get used to it and then
you'd be fucking bored and what's helman
to be like fire and brimstone eternal
agony that's what's written in the Bible
that's God's book as far as I know the
devil hasn't brought out a book
we don't know he saw the argument right
if you ask me the devil and God are
having an argument the devil's being a
bigger fucking man because God's just
right and shit about him
and the devil's daughter I'm not even
gonna fucking comment son and what's
been to happen when you're dying go to
heaven you see a big bright light you
walk towards the light what's at the end
of the light all your dead relatives
well whoop Dee fuckin dude you ever
spent a weekend your grandparents house
fucking shit you be up there for an hour
ago and we show me mate or die
beyond the meeting everyone hello Nana
hello granddad hello uncle who used to
touch me how did you get up here oh
that's right you used to work for the
church that one's a good one
William I don't think I don't think I'm
just picking on Catholics and Christians
I think all religious people are
retarded let's have a go at all of them
Jews what's all that about
what's with the curly sideburns we're in
the Bible say if thou loves me thou
shalt look like a dick
what are you fat can
why would I fire you you look like you
can't take care of yourself
is that a Buddhist walking out in
protest and then there's our crazy
Muslim friends the movies are fucking
mental
thank fuck the movies don't drink every
time every time you stick up for a
Muslim you just have to have this
argument they cut clearances off and you
go that is bad really one of those ones
you can't stand up for fuckin woozi's
men women
remember the teddy bear brink or
Mohammed I went mental was just a little
teddy bear wasn't hurting anybody it was
just a teddy bear who gives a fuck it's
a teddy bear
you can call whatever you want I'm sure
if Mohammed is this big powerful guy
he's not he's got a good sense of humor
or something but there's any Muslim
fundamentalist in the room right you see
this microphone I'm calling up my
humming and it's gay it's a game
microphone call Mohammed and all it
wants to do is roll a Koran up and fuck
itself up the ass
now
I do realize by doing that joke I have
limited some of my holiday destinations
but you can't drink there it's not
really a holiday if there's any gay
people in the room I do apologize for
that last joke I'm not homophobic I just
think if you can take it dig up your ass
you can take a fucking joke and anyway
back to my grandma oh I'm gonna tell you
it's quite a long story but I think it's
an interesting thing to know right
what the heaven no just I can take like
90 both my hands you haven't performed
this before don't you tell me what I can
and can't do woman in the darkness
is it really blacked out up there or is
it all just Muslim women
[Applause]
that was a joke I was joke
just feels like I'm being attacked by a
thousand ninjas I'm gonna hold it good
for you
I got inheritance from my grandmother
that came through just recently fucking
hundred Australian dogs she's got like
12 grandkids you still think she had
more than like 500 Queen now you reckon
we all got a hundred bucks it was like
she wrote her will in the 70s and never
updated it and I found out about this
before she died and I rang my mum up and
said I need a hundred boxes like 40 quid
I'm give a fuck
get it getting let me get it left dance
or something cuz brother I got the money
that's what I'll spin it on alright
thinking of you grandma
I'll tell you what my grandmother he
wasn't great when I was nine no no I was
17
I was in a school musical as you do in
your 17 try and get out of class or
whatever and I was in his school musical
and I got lead role out of fucking
nowhere and so my grandmother came down
from Queensland to visit the family and
to see this music rising and why she was
in the house when Molly goes go sing
your grandmother a song and I'm like I
don't want to sing her song you sing her
a fucking song why don't you sing
yourself oh good gar you sing a
grandmother his song alright and then
I'm like he from my bedroom I hear my
grandmother dying is Jimmy gonna sing me
a song
oh no and ya gonna sing his song and I
looked at my mom and you fuckin feature
hi
so any grandmother sitting on the end of
the bed and I said what what song do you
want to hear grandma when she said
stormy weather so you know don't know
why there's no Sun up in the sky and my
grandmother looked at me adoringly as
only a grandmother could look at her
grandson singing a song and I went there
is your song grandma and I went to go
away and she went I'll tell you a story
and I'm like course you tell me a story
it'll never not fuckin Tommy's story one
day I'll get 40 quid in this lobby worth
bar
what's his story grab mine see guys when
I was 19 I was living in a town called
gimpy now there's a town in Queensland
called gimpy and I went out there was a
show room bar that had local boys from
the area would come out and sing songs
and they sang lovely just like you do
and I went along and saw this led sing
and then afterwards he took me for a
drive in his car and he took me all the
way out to the coastline and he laid a
blanket out and we made love up on the
sand
now I'm 17 and this is a eight year old
odd woman telling me this that's a great
fucking story that one oh it's good and
then she went and after we made love as
the moon was glistening off my naked
body I looked up at him and I said sing
me stormy weather
that's what she was looking at me
adoringly she wasn't fucking thinking
about a grandson singing to his using in
Johnny Showtime fucking her on the beach
in Queensland
I made that woman wet for the first time
in 40 odd years we're all getting pissed
and I've organised some drinks after all
for the people on the guest list arrests
you can get fucked I got so much money
oh let a few people I love drink you
know the fucking I don't like people who
don't drink
I've never if you're a non drinker you
have nothing interesting to say your
stories of fucking rubbish all
non-drinkers story suck your three suck
they all in the same way with and then I
got home right
no one gives a shit that you've been
promoted at work no one fucking cares
that your kids don't have bruises you're
a fucking cunt you ever talk to a
non-drinker and gone water you drink
they give you ridiculous answers they go
because I don't like the taste of it
nobody does no one likes the taste of it
no one has ever had a shot of tequila
and go to it lovely that is in the
future I'll have that instead of dessert
we drink because we have to because life
is fucking shit right it is a horrible
miserable piece of shit the only reason
you people are out here right now it's
because you're hoping and I'll make you
laugh for now because you know when
Monday comes around your life's gonna
fucking suck
and you know if you don't think life
shit everyone is with them boyfriend and
girlfriend couples or married couples
who sitting next the person he loved
turn and look at the person that you
love and know that sooner or later one
of you will be dead and the other one
will be miserable
I need that routine of lee-evans
so sinister and look at this or being
treated like kids even knocked up just a
theater we got fucking plastic cups like
you're a child this be probably cost
three pounds fifty in there's only two
taps and that's why we're running late
because my audience of beer drinkers and
they seem to think that fucking you'd
want more I know something I don't think
but you're drinking out of plastic cups
they're offensive that is you're a
fucking hat alt and they're giving you a
plastic cup but I gotta stand up for
bars and nightclubs in this country they
have to give plastic cups because you
British people aren't responsible enough
for glass you know what you happens when
you have glass one of you gets angry
smash it against the bus shops and shot
a glass into someone else's face you're
the only nation of people to use the
word glasses of burg
[Applause]
and then you go out drinking you go to
the nightclub you got a toilet you go to
wash your hands you know how to wash
your hands by yourself these days
because there's some fucking cunting
toilet attendant with a little metal
tray a fucking to chopper chomps and a
bit of perfume but you're meant to tip
because in some way he has helped you
out he's always there with the sight I
can watch my I'm fucking good at it it's
one of my skills
you ever walk down there and not wash
your hands they look at you like you're
scum oh I'm scum you were gonna fucking
toilet mine
okay Megan when I was a kid my parents
made me get a job as soon as I fucking
was born and I had like a paper round I
had to go around the suburbs and deliver
papers and was a kind of a job and then
at the end of the day I had to go the
news agency and empty all their bins
into the Skip richest I was like 12 and
it was a fucking shit job at the end of
each month they used to throw away all
the pornography magazines that they had
they'd cut the letter heads off and then
put them away there was other magazines
not act like I was taking BMX dog I
didn't do anything
so I loaned me back pack up full of porn
and then I don't owe him and I go sell
my porn mags at school for five dollars
a mag a magazine I was making way more
out of my point Empire than I ever did
out of the actual paper round right
I had a draw under my bed that was 4
foot by 2 foot that was packed to the
brim with pornography one day I came
home from school and my rooms been
cleaned out completely
it's fucking spotless right what I do is
the first thing I do is I run to the
pawn drawer open the porn drop it's
fucking empty I go out I mean mums in
the living room now she's sitting in a
chair now did anyone have a parent that
had their own chair
they were the kunti parent if you're a
parent in this room and you have your
own chair you're a Nazi piece of shit
there's other fucking chairs your
fascist can't sit with anyway so go here
mum's in a chair and she looks up at me
and she goes I cleaned your room and I
went yeah yeah thanks for that mom and
then she didn't say fuck all about the
porn right about two weeks later I'm out
my date shitting in my files a carpenter
so he had this work show the back row
I'm just hammering a nail into the bench
just been a little fuck wait for no
reason right because if you put a nail
in the bench then they put a table up
there that I'll ruin the finish on the
job
all right and I looked under the table
and it was all me porn magazines but I
was slightly wet and had lettuce leaves
and shit like that I don't know what
happens is more moms claiming a room out
she's taking all the porn mags to the
wheelie bin my dad has to take the
wheelie bin to the end of the drive on a
Monday or a Wednesday he's opened up the
bin and got all hello take it all the
porn magazines off to his shed and
wanked himself stupid so I thought fuck
that old cunt right so I collect them
all up take him back to the drawer they
belong circle of life continues few days
later I'm out the living room and the
old man walks in and he goes you've been
out with more shit and are waiting yeah
you know we'll add those magazines
neither are you
could I have four
in this day if you got my parents house
but that is for dodgy fucking light
eighties porno mags any shit when I was
at the enema Festival aspects were the
festival for I was having a wank and I
felt like a lumpy fleshy thing on my
cock that wasn't a wart or a cyst or
anything I had previously and I went to
the doctor and the doctor looked at my
cock and sort of went and then another
doctor came in they where that is
suffered and then he sent me off to a
specialist and the specialist put my
genitals into like a clamping machine
and it turned out that I had a cancerous
tumor growing on the side of my penis
all right I said to the doctor many
people died from this and he said nah
most people detect this pretty quick
leave it to chance mate now this is true
only about like a handful five six
people die from this year in Britain no
one right now I'm not famous but I'm on
telly a little bit I might be the most
famous person ever to have this
condition which means all I have to
become a spokesperson and I'll be doing
adverts going hi I'm Jim Jeffries I'm a
comedian
B no one's not a laughing matter
dick cancer do you know that two people
die from dick cancer a year this must be
stopped there are many ways to detect
dick cancer wanking that's it really
please buy a ribbon now when I was out
the enemy faces I was still with my
ex-girlfriend that I was with for years
and when I went to the doctor because I
never cheated on my ex-girlfriend except
I cheated on her twice during the
Edinburgh Festival because it's a
festival and I was worried when I went
to doctor the doctor that I had an STD
of venereal disease or something like
that
I think I'm the first person ever to
high-five a doctor when he says you've
got cancer I was well after that I was
like it's a fucking yeah cuz you come
home with hoofbeats you kick you out of
the house you come back with dick cancer
she'll make it a cake or something real
life so I come home and very proudly I
tell my girlfriend that I have cancer of
the penis she feels sorry for me and
treats me very nice for a week but she
wouldn't not fuck me because she was
worried it was contagious
she was so thick I'm like it's not
contagious
it's fucking cancer let's just enjoy the
width while we have it
you know I'm right you haven't had sex -
you've had two mistakes ladies I said
it's not contagious it's not like I got
it from a teen twang from Kylie Minogue
now I understand that that joke is wrong
on many levels the main level being that
Carly's tits aren't big enough for a
team like
so anyway so I go in to have surgery to
get me me tumor removed they lay me down
on a fucking the bed thing the metal
thing and they've got a metal frame up
like this and they put a curtain up and
then the doctor cuts in to put a needle
in first and uhm it they didn't this
fucking cut into it and he cuts in
starts slicing away and there's another
nurse here and her sole job is to take
all the blood away and then there's
another nurse and her sole job is to
hold my hand and to distract me from my
penis being sliced up and this is what
she did you in so I hear a comedian and
I went yeah I'm a comedian would you
like to tell us all a joke
who are you fuck off and then the doctor
put six stitches into my dick now these
aren't like the big ones you have on
like your head or into your arm or so
these little tiny fine ones they use
like on babies and
the doctor tells me not to get an
erection for three weeks it's easier
said than done that stop sleeping read a
book books are good at the end of three
weeks the stitches dissolved and I was
ready for my comeback wake
now I was more excited about my comeback
wank and I was fucking my girlfriend in
fact I told my girlfriend that I still
had stitches so I could have a bit of
wank and time now you have to understand
at this stage that my balls were
immensely full I got this raging hard-on
and I got some lube out now ordinarily
I'm not that fancy I'm more of a more of
a dry hand sort of guy but I thought
it's been a while Jim treat yourself
so I lubed up my cock and I'm talking
five pumps maximum just each and out of
my cock came these thick gelatin like
cum it was so it was like it was trying
to make a baby without the world
and I looked at it right and I swear to
god it fucking looked back at me
so I shook a chain and that's all I have
to say about dick cancer I know my
brother's a fucking retard
my brother was anorexic when he was 14
the reason he became anorexic was
because my mother is hugely fat and he
wanted to piss her off
he didn't have any body image problems
he just wanted to upset her do you know
how sadistic you have to be to starve
yourself so that when you stand next to
someone else they look fatter that's
fucking retarded my brother now when I
was 13 brother was 17 we were at home we
were on the couch each no one would sit
in the chair we weren't that brave and
my brother looks over at me and goes Jim
get us a coke and I get your own fucking
coke I'm not going to get you a fucking
coke get us a coke or I'll piss on the
carpet and I won't piss on the carpet
you mad bastard I'm not going to get
your fucking coke get us a coke or I'll
piss on the carpet and then I just went
No
and so my brother got up walked to the
middle of the living room which is a
longer distance than getting a coke
pull these cock out started pissing on
the carpet he's looking at me going
should have got me a cake now my mom
comes home there's a huge puddle of
urine in the middle of the living room
right she's so angry she can hardly
fucking talk her oh and she went who did
this and I went Scott did it and she
goes what did you do that for he goes I
told Jim to get me a cake or I'll piss
on the carpet and then my mom turns the
mingoes why don't you get him a coke you
know he's fucking mental
now I haven't always done it for living
this is the only job I've really enjoyed
doing I used to work as a disabled care
which was the only job ever felt good
about myself a bonified for raising him
it sounds a lot worse than it is right
you say racing retards that's offensive
right call the Paralympics goodwill we
had these I had these two lads I took
down to the beach right this isn't a
racing story it's another story
altogether
I took these two lads down the beach
with cerebral palsy right not the power
of cerebral palsy but they like I assume
they've got some power like some magic
course I mean not like magical white
dwarfs but you know something cuz dwarfs
out of all the disabilities dwarfs are
the most magical and midgets they got
nothing everything that is weird midgets
don't worry about me saying that joke
goes over the midget heads
it doesn't doesn't go over the dwarfs
heads people underestimate how big their
foreheads are it just just smacks them
in the 14th wrinkle and I can't even
defend themselves so anyways I took
these two guys down to the beach then
this is an inspirational story if you
don't think it's inspirational you can
fuck off this is inspirational I took
these two guys down to the beach like
we're doing a proper walking dumb guys
right and we took them down to the beach
now in Australia you can watch people
spilling the chicks sun-baked topless in
Australia right and so you can do this
tits everywhere you don't have to look
at the tits you have to give the
illusion that you're looking somewhere
else like this is this is not any
concern to you if this woman had say
there's this weird thing if one woman in
this room had a top-off we're all we
gone mental it'd be no show alright but
but if the girl is on the sand all of a
sudden well that would be inappropriate
to stare at those tits even so you don't
look at the tits there's the great set
of tits gone by one of the guys in the
chair who has no muscle memory
whatsoever right he fucking locks on to
a set of tits right and he just fucking
I don't thing is this some type of
therapy that they've never offered these
people
so were they staring at the teach and
then I think to myself because it must
bar me sell forget me hey kick them I
think fuck it I'm gonna start looking at
it yourself
right who's gonna punch me in the head
oh I'm the nicest guy in the world
I'm with two spastics rhymes so I start
staring at the cheese then this big fat
ass woman just in a pair of like bikini
bottoms and nothing on top walks by with
a big fat sloppy ass tits and she goes
by and one of the lads turns to the
other one and over the course of five
minutes but I'll speed it up for you
goes there's one for you mate now it's
it is just a beautiful thing that's
beautiful that warms your heart because
I know what you're thinking that's an
old joke everyone in this room has done
that joke everyone has seen someone come
in and gone oh that's your husband that
is everyone's done that but you know
what I thought was inspirational about
this right
this guy can't wipe his own ass yet the
fat chick isn't good enough for him
[Applause]
it's very important to have standards in
this world all right we're running out
of time we've got to speed this up now I
got with the new theory whatever a man
sleeps with a lot of words out the other
way whatever a woman saves a lot of men
she's called a slut but if a man sleeps
with a lot of women he's called a stud
and since the dawn of time people have
said that this is an unfair comparison
I'm here to tell you it's completely
fair because it's fucking easy to be a
slut it's fucking hard to be a start
there are fat ugly sluts out there there
are no fat ugly studs I've met slutty
Dwarfs I have never met a stunt dwarf
maybe in their own community but none
that I've ever crossed over to be a
start you have to be charming witty have
good clothes nice shoes at a fake job
to be a slut you just have to be their
example I whatever this girl for on her
biggest claim to fame was that she went
backstage and she fucked every member of
a very famous rock band and I said how
and why did you do that and she goes how
I just went backstage and asked them why
they're my favorite band so I let them
that's the privilege of the slut right
there
I can't go backstage at a Girls Aloud
concert
and go I love the last album do what you
want except the ginger one get me a
fucking beer now now who here has seen
me getting punched in the head on the
Internet
it's a lot of fun in it oh yeah I'm
gonna tell you the backstage story okay
what happened was before me that
manchester comedy store and there was a
woman on this side of the room that kept
on heckling and heckling and heckling I
kept putting it down putting it down
putting it down and then eventually I
went I'm gonna leave you alone now like
your dad did all right it's a shame your
grandfather never did I know funny right
now there was a lot on this side of the
room who got the left side who I think
he's grandfather did something to him
when he was young and he took it quite
personally well it's not my concern in
the Family Guy you see the old
pedophilic guy and in the Borat film
it's nice because I'm alive entertaining
he thought fuck it I'm gonna punch that
cunt in the Hey right he really should
have punched his grandfather in the head
but who am I to say and the thing was he
was Irish so he still had a full drink
so he finished his drink and then
punched me in the head like he had like
five minutes to calm down and he just
thought well I paid for this and
[Music]
then eventually he came over and punched
me in the head clear the screen drops
when we get a chance as well now when he
punched me in the head
I was doing my cunt material so this
seemed very bizarre to me that I would
get punched in the head now I probably
all heard me do the cunt jokes before
but I'm gonna do it again because I want
you to know the frame of mind I was in
when I got hit and they go like this
women to me like public toilets they're
all dirty except for the disabled ones
in saying that I fucked some pretty
dirty disabled birds in me day some of
them will piss on you without you asking
every single man in this room will admit
to being a bad shag from time to time
maybe through alcohol fatigue it's not
giving a shit there's no woman in this
room thinks they're bad and Ben do you
want to know what most of you are the
reason it knows is because no man's ever
told you because if we tell you you'll
run off and cry because your spirits a
weak
[Applause]
just because I like captain doesn't mean
you're doing a good job
I'm gonna come anyway sometimes it comes
to stop whatever the fuck you doing down
there with your nails and your teeth
just put it in your mouth for me a
fucking man about it
I've been down on women I've made them
come then you get that one woman she's
not coming she looks at you like it's
your fault it's not my fault your cunt
broken when I was at university I fucked
the chick and all the friends walked
past me and did that and women think
that's the funniest joke in the world
well it's not funny
that's hurtful next time you think about
doing that imagine you fucking God all
of his mates walk past you and go you
never do that again you think by doing
that you're teaching me something I
don't already fucking know I'm well
aware I've got a small dick I've
measured it I don't know how big my dick
is to the millimetre but there's any
woman in this room truly know the size
of their cunt
none of you and none of you will ever
know for sure because no man is going to
t be cuz we're good people
I know who are you thinking he's not
talking about my cunt it gets a bit sore
during sex that means fuck oh I've been
down a woman for 20 minutes it's wide
open it's flowing like the Murray River
I put the tip of my cock and they go
gentle gentle gentle I could shut my
fucking head in then
sometimes fat chicks have really taught
cuts that's a bloody mystery hey I think
it's because all the fats pushing it
inwards or when you fucking them you
just drive it up against thighs and you
never actually reach the cut that's why
doctors say fat women have to lose
weight to get pregnant and that's when I
got punched in the hay all right let's
have a look at this lights down a little
effects push it in English pause now as
you might have already realized all the
great Florida
[Applause]
not many of you would have noticed the
subtleties of the confrontation first
punch are blocked with my face then I
went into my crouching ninja position
knowing that the back of the human head
is the hardest part of the human body
there in hurting his hand let's watch
some more stop we have a new person
who's helped now the person on the
neither that's me I'm cowering the guys
come up and grabbed him he's the first
man to protect me now I will love this
man till the day I die not because you
came to protect me but you can't see it
but with his other arm he's still
holding his pipe
if you're gonna have a fight you know
you wanna leave it to chance now this
guy here in the white shirt coming up he
came from the third row as he was coming
up he stepped over people's head and he
chopped one of the girls in the face
breaking her nose but that's okay
I was in danger let's watch some more
[Applause]
[Music]
boys now you see the guy on the left -
the guy already broken nose now the man
in the black suit there he's actual
security the other people nobody's
alright I'm already off in the dressing
room the other comics were sitting there
and they go how'd it go
I had to tell them that I had better
geeks now if you watch the man on the
left who is staying there at the moment
the security's got it all under control
but he's got a punch line up that he
really wants to throw and the Securities
they're going we've got under control
mate and he's like but I've got a clear
shot and there's good guys it's fine and
he goes oh I go on security guy guys go
on then
say what's that
ok
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Eleni God ladies and gentlemen hang on
I'll think
[Applause]
little German
the wankers gone alright stop now I got
the security footage before you indeed
and I went back and I played it to all
my friends and a whole lot of us were
getting stoned in a house and there was
lots of people that Glenn wall Steve
Hughes Jason John White there's good
great comic that burn so we're all
sitting there watching it was a great
day and then Tim Clark the emcee comes
out and goes ladies and gentlemen the
wank is gone and all my friends in
unison went but he's coming back up now
before I come back out when I come back
out I get somewhat of a standing ovation
and I start you you're about to see some
of the worst high-fiving the world has
ever seen hands down I'm just missing I
think I grab a hand I'm just not a cool
guy I've never been a cool guy someone
did one of these ones to me the other
day and I grabbed that fist
so what's the move
all right all right that's not gonna
help really
all right but Jim is it Jim's gonna come
back finish yourself for you if you
don't like it you can go but if you
enjoyed you stay because he's gonna do
another five minutes and please
nobody's going to finish off welcome
back Jim Jefferies
[Applause]
it's it's just horrible that for me is
the most disturbing bit of all the
footage the punch I can handle watching
over and over again but that makes me
cringe every day I look like fucking
Nixon or something now if you watch this
on the internet which I assume you know
you'll see that there's a slight little
cutout here the reason for that is I may
have said some bigoted things towards
the Irish the reason we cut it out I
didn't want to display myself in a bad
light on the internet because you didn't
see the rest of the show and you never
know why I got hit nights of stuff but I
knew the guy who hit me was Irish so I
may have gone on a slight
a slight rant about the Irish and as I
said I'm not racist that they're not a
race but I feel like for the live show
and for the DVD I feel that we should be
honest about this and show you exactly
what I actually said so please
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
fucking arse people
[Music]
Irish people and I think I'm depressed
fuckin Saints in hammer in the fuckin
world I think they're so fucking
delightful don't they look at me I'm
dancing just with me legs it's a heap of
fucking shit your petty country here in
Ireland we all fucking drinking our look
haven't recovered recovered recovered me
just draw out the Basia fat freak who I
mean drinking are gonna fucking head
cause
not everyone was happy to see me come
back out
I mean diamonds shine this is August I
forgot that even existed
all right so turn the lights back up we
won't show anymore the tape what
basically goes on I actually do some
actual witty comments and redeem myself
from the bigoted Irish hating big-titted
oath that I am and as we think is after
go punch they run a committee called
Michael McIntyre very good comedian
smuggest cut in the world Ryan good guy
though but he's just a bit right and me
and Michael performing together that
that day and he was the first act I was
a second Michael during my set went off
to get himself some dinner and when he
came back I was sitting in the living
room in the dressing room with a bag of
frozen peas on my head and a big bruise
and Michael went how did you get go and
I went not well I got punched me in the
head and Michael went no one can follow
me
[Applause]
which would have been funny if you meant
it as a joke but I think he actually
fuck a minute ah it's weird because
there's a comedian in America called
Pauly Shore you might remember from such
films as Encino man and biodome and all
that I'm probably sure fake getting
punched in the head on on stage to sell
more tickets and get his profile back up
it was it was a stuntman who did it it
wasn't even a real thing
so everyone who wrote to me from America
went
you stole this bit of Pauly Shore may I
say for the record no one has ever
stolen a joke off Pauly Shore two years
ago I was performing the Amsterdam
Hilton now and the base of the Amsterdam
Hilton they have a comedy club when I
was there for two weeks I had two days
off in my two weeks I found on the
outskirts of Amsterdam is a great big
place called the porn warehouse which is
like a great big as day so on me day off
I thought fucking friends place and
I went out to the porn warehouse now
when I go shopping and as Dora I take a
little plastic basket with me porn
warehouse took a trolley and still had
the kid seat which I thought was weird
now I'm loading my trolley full of ever
been a porno paraphernalia I can get I
get up towards the till there's a
massive wall covered in dildos now if
you're with your mates what would you do
sword fight that's
[Applause]
let's just sing along like a comma tune
but I was by myself so I just did a
scene from Star Wars now there was a
small war but this is impressive covered
in rubber vibrating vaginas now whenever
you with your mates you see one of those
you go who the fuck would use one of
those they but there's always a bit of
your brain that goes wouldn't want
trying that just once so I got meself
with jenna jameson rubber vibrating
vagina on the side the box set vibrates
hours to give realistic sensation
realistic if you're fucking a chick with
that's right
[Applause]
so I go back the hotel decide if I'm
gonna have this Bank it's gonna be the
way it's got to be the way that when
I've got the mentor be sitting in a
nursing home going how's it going right
there's a guy going oh fuck the rubber
cab so I get the Robin County out has a
vibrating egg that guy's the game with a
call or my control I loaded up my cock
and I proceeded to fuck it now it felt
like I could really enjoy me selfish
thought time through my head was if you
die right now this is nothing to tell
your mom they found you
now as I've already mentioned I don't
have a big cock I think the Rob account
was faulty but I wasn't fucking at the
light takes on the tough just sort of
tears and the egg pulls out at the end
and I'm pretty out sick because it's not
like I can take it back to the shop slap
it on the counter and go look at that I
bought that an hour ago
went home and fucked it now that comes
Brogan no I still want to lube I still
have a lot of porn and I still had a
vibrating game so I did what anyone this
way would do I'll Lube that egg up and
shoved it up my ass
it's now sitting up against the gland
called the prostate gland the male
g-spot it felt terrific guys enjoying
myself so much I was already thinking of
other things that shot up me ass once I
got back to fucking England I slapped me
cock and comfort songs and I just don't
like me chest now go just let me chest
live let me cook egg hangin happy ass
Brighton cut in the corner I gotta tell
ya betta
[Applause]
so you know the Finnish shame that
happens after you have a wake and you
got a bit of cover in your hand and you
go oh what did you do that for
well I still had an egg hanging out of
my ass safe to say one to kill meself so
I started slapping the porn off the
better turn the porn off the telly I go
to whip the egg a let me ask the fucking
chord steps up what I needed to step off
the two plastic shells of the egg
slightly break apart and there now pinch
it against me : now your first thought
is what don't worry about this Jimmy can
shit this out but your are someone knows
what shit is and it knows what plastic
anchors and don't fucking play cricket
and this experience now I don't know if
you all know what about your collards
and nor should you but they're made up
of several channels of pump poo through
now I lubed up this finger this thumb
and I went on beyond after the egg with
every crime I pushed it further and
further and further up my colon it's now
up to channel 5 and we all know how shit
that is
now I have to get going so let's just
jump forward to day number three I
decided it was up my ass for another day
I was going to go to hospital
my biggest fear was going to hospital
with my accent and going you'll never
guess what's happened to me but being
Amsterdam is a good chance you could go
you have an egg up your ups go join the
queue with the other Australians
I'm day number 302 Chinese dinner and I
kept me chopsticks I went back to me
hotel I bent over and this foam would
have thought to meself you probably
should have gone to the N Frank Museum I
put one chopstick on top of the egg in a
crowbar in fashion the other chopstick
are used to widen the hole and one
motion I snapped this egg out of my ass
followed by two feet of shit it was at
this moment I thought to myself should
have done that in the bathroom
thank you very much can I live