whoa what if I suck
that would be awkward he wasn't even
good I wanted some of my clapping back
oh he's doing that voice already
thank you for being here this is
exciting right I'm excited it is good to
be here I recently became a father thank
you name the father for the fourth time
never as much applause on that part
really no applause right because after
the third kid people stop congratulating
it
let me just treat you like you're Amish
floor well that's one way to live your
life can you build us one of those wood
fireplaces for kids for kids do you I
know it's like to have a fourth just
imagine you're drowning and then someone
hands you a baby
the good news is we live in a
two-bedroom apartment so I haven't slept
in seven years I didn't always look like
this
I'm actually Puerto Rican the wear and
tear of parents I used to have thick
black hair
I was muy guapo no mas
[Applause]
no more Guapo my wife had the baby at
home we had all our babies at home just
to make you feel uncomfortable people
don't want to hear about home birth like
oh you had your baby at home yeah we
were gonna do that but we wanted our
baby to live it was assumed there was
some laziness involved you you didn't
want to go to the hospital
it was far I didn't feel like putting on
pants
we had a baby at home not in the field
oh well why would you have it in that
German festive building we're sick
people congregate didn't your wife want
to give birth in a gown someone died in
yesterday it's just the truth
home birth is crazy huh
it was all my wife's idea I don't even
like cooking at home yeah and it's wild
you know there was so much screaming at
one point I actually woke up so I want
to score a touchdown
oh you're having another baby can you
keep it down I'm trying to get a tight
12 hours and and I was my wife's birth
coach which is the generous title for
standing there terrified there was also
a midwife there because we believe in
witchcraft
sounds like Elkie to my wife did it she
had four babies in our apartment she's
an amazing woman
really all women are amazing and I mean
that in a very pandering way but women
are really you know a woman can grow a
baby inside their body and that somehow
a woman can deliver the baby through
their body and then by some miracle a
woman can feed a baby with their body
and when you think of the male
contribution to life it's kind of
embarrassing really
you guys know that you know I helped to
for like five seconds
doing the one thing I think about 24
hours a day well enjoy your morning
sickness I'm gonna eat me some chili
smell those onions you want some I guess
not huh baby at home
babies are a lot of work I try and pitch
in I do diapers I mean I don't change
them but I go you got to do this diaper
no we have three other kids to a
seven-year-old a five-year-old and a
two-year-old I should probably learn
their names try and be a good dad i sat
the older three down I explained to them
that the new baby does not mean I love
them any less but I will have to let one
of them go so if anyone knows of a
toddler rescue maybe we could get Sarah
McLaughlin to do the commercial
[Applause]
I love that commercial even the dogs in
that commercial are like there's a
little heavy-handed Sara
we are just dogs there's still kids
starving in Africa right I mean I don't
like that joke at all a joke in this for
kids bedtime is a crisis that's why I'm
here right now it's too hard they act
like they've never been to sleep before
bed what's that
no I don't want to do that then it
becomes some hostage negotiation but in
Reverse look if you stay in there I will
give you whatever you want I will meet
your demands what do you want a
helicopter to Cuba anything just stay in
there there's always one awake what
they're taking shifts
all right I'll annoy him from midnight
to two who watch three to six now let's
lie down and practice kicking them in
our sleep
because my wife has instituted this
open-door policy where if one of our
kids has a nightmare they're welcome to
come in our room and be in our bed
luckily that only happens every night
you ever slept next to someone that's
wet the bed delicious you're asleep
right so when you wake up your first
thought is oh my god I wet the bed then
your next thought is that's not that way
I'll just scoot over a little bit I
pretend to be asleep maybe she'll do
with it while you're up can you make me
a sandwich thanks honey I feel like I'm
living with a bunch of drunk people
everyone's wetting the bed screaming
it's Jersey Shore folks it's like Jersey
Shore with a lot more sunscreen imagine
four miniature versions of me but not as
dark-skinned is me that needs sunscreen
or they will die
don't open the refrigerator you'll kill
yourself
I'm raising vampires I'm not looking
forward to summer at all how we're going
to the beach next week and I'm gonna
start putting sunscreen on them now
Danny
for kids I never went outside I didn't
know what a long-sleeve Sun shirt was
any long sleeves sons let me rephrase
this
anyone else with low self-esteem
swimming in a pool little long-sleeve
Sun shirt hey what's up ladies one look
at you like did that guy fall in that is
the worst suicide attempt I've ever seen
it's just swimming in his clubs summer
last summer we did our first big family
vacation well I should clarify we went
to Disney now if you haven't been to
Disney as an adult just imagine you're
standing in line at the DMV and that's
it
actually it was Orlando in July so it's
kind of like standing in line on the
surface of the Sun
here when you're a kid you'd go on
vacation you'd be like why is dad always
in a bad mood now I understand how can I
spend an enormous amount of money be
uncomfortable and listen to my children
complain and whine it's me oh good I
didn't figure out what makes Disney
truly magical though you can walk around
sweating your ass off for 12 hours and
still gain weight I know it's 110 out
here but these fries taste great we'ii
you know because we want to have a good
time really that's all the vacation is
just us eating in a place we've never
been want to eat something then we'll go
and get some DEET and we'll see that
thing we're supposed to see they forgot
a snack bar there right after that we
should probably get something to eat
though then we'll eat something
because you know there's pressure to
have fun on your vacation
right but at Disney it's like a
desperation you see it on the faces of
parents like this was an enormous
mistake I hope you're having fun it was
either this or send you to college I
stood in line for an hour and 15 minutes
for the Dumbo ride after a minute I was
like I'm the Dumbo I'm waiting to see
myself at the end of the line there's
just gonna be a mirror and some guy
going Dumbo some of those rides at
Disney they make you realize how far
we've come with amusement parks like I
was on that ride it's a small world I
was like wow there was a time when
people found this entertaining you could
be on acid you're like I'm not getting
anything here I think I'll go back to
staring at my hand
yeah that's better only I had two of
these there's a lot of those rides at
Disney they were developed in the 70s
there was no competition they were
making up rides it was just some guy
going all right how about a bumper car
goes into a dark room and there's a
picture of Winnie the Pooh people stand
in line for an hour for that right what
if we hollow out a log and throw them
over a waterfall we got their money what
are they gonna do I have to admit my
favorite ride was the air-conditioned
bus back to the airport well worth the
wait
if you don't like Disney well then why
would you go I went because I love my
children you know now there are adults
without children that go to Disney and
they're called weirdos very nice people
absolutely crazy even the comic-con pier
I like you know they're a little
frightening I got a Batman living room
but these people are scary but you're a
nerd too Jim
I took so many pictures at Disney that's
all we do right as a society it's like
hey instead of enjoying this moment
let's take pictures we take pictures of
everyday life and act like we're
capturing history unbelievable the cat's
asleep post that on my Twitter
[Applause]
because we have the cameras on our
phones do we need that it's not like 10
years ago we were like I wish I could
take a low-quality photo of my dessert
text it to someone that's not interested
but I can't so I guess I'll just eat it
as a result we all have so many photos
all these pictures ensure we all want
our computers to run slow but what are
we supposed to do with all these photos
I mean I have more pictures of my
children than my father ever looked at
me I just keep taking them like clack
clack clack we all do your click clack
click download all of them
we don't even weed through them now just
get another computer
that'll be my Disney trip computer we've
got boxes of photos in our closets now
is just old computers there's our
wedding computer that's my computer when
I was single I should probably destroy
that one sad we have all these photos
everyone has thousands of photos and
besides us no one else cares because
really any photo you're not in is not
that interesting you might act
interested right oh you went to Mexico
how long is this gonna take because I
can fake it for like a minute I don't
even like pictures that I'm in you know
you ever see a photo of yourself and it
kind of ruins your day for a second you
don't even recognize yourself you're
like who's that fat guy oh no I should
call my wife and tell her I love her
I can't believe I'm allowed to wear that
color I'm wearing all black tonight cuz
that's easier than working out right by
the way these aren't skinny jeans I'm
just fat black the magic would it be
great if there was something that made
people look in shape besides alcohol
that's what black is it's the beer
goggles of color so you look great if
you lost weight I'm homeless and wearing
a garbage bag
well you look thin you know a Keller
ilyich really out of shape in is a flesh
color it is brutal on me my birthday
suit needs more suit
but it's my fault you know I don't like
to exercise you know I don't think a lot
of us do that's why there are personal
trainers you know the person you pay to
make you workout at the place where you
already pay to workout doesn't sound
like a pyramid scheme to me at all you
can also throw money right in the
garbage for a small fee I don't have a
personal trainer really that's a shock
you do that all yourself what time I
joined a house club and I got a free
personal trainer session the guy's like
I want you to tell me what your workout
goals are to not workout goals I'm just
here so I won't eat for an hour we drop
this charade why is your shirt so tight
that part of the interview process what
are you a medium here's an extra small
now head out there be condescending
I feel sorry for the personal trainers
that are out of shape what's their
approach you should work out I don't you
don't want to end up looking like me
my favorite machines the vending machine
you want to go halfsies on the Snickers
as things are awesome I probably need a
personal trainer you know didn't work
out today that makes she's three decades
okay so I will work out and I'm one of
those people whenever I do work out I
immediately have grand plans you know
I'm gonna work out every day then the
next day I'm like well not every day
breathe a little I'll work out every
other day then the next day I'm like I'm
happy with the way I look I don't want
to get caught up in that beauty culture
it's hard it's hard to get motivated
it's hard to get to the gym I actually
live across the street from my health
club it's across the street it's open 24
hours a day still can't get there I knew
I wasn't gonna go even when I join
during that initial tour they're like
here's where you can do sit-ups never
gonna happen we have free weights to
hard we offer hot yoga I'd watch I just
tell myself I'm gonna do that go in
there and watch a hot yoga class you
know bring a bag of potato chips
not even a workout clothes dressed as
spider-man excuse me sir I might take
this next semester if I'm not too busy
fighting crime it's hard to get
motivated you ever go to the gym and not
work out you just kind of wander around
did I do the elliptical or I gotta go
sir I burn some calories putting this
outfit on even what I am working out at
the gym I'm really just watching
television you know I'm on the
elliptical Food Network I'm gonna eat
that pretending to hike up a mountain
wall I watched someone make a lasagna
that's like going to an am eating in a
brewery is that over there it's
discouraging when you see how few
calories you burn right you're like 50
calories what's that like smelling a Big
Mac now back to Iron Chef thank God for
those televisions you ever catch
yourself watching someone else's
television you
you're not even on a piece of exercise
equipment are you waiting for this
machine I'm just waiting for this show
dad they're making brownies Can I grab a
swig from your water bottle brownies
make me mad thirsty I don't understand
it you know here's here's something fun
to do next time you have to wait for a
treadmill to start Jong and place behind
someone using long everything you own in
a box to the left you just don't know
about me I don't understand the appeal
of a lot of the exercise equipment you
know like the Stairmaster how their ever
so one of those hey you know people love
walking up stairs I'm pretty sure people
hate walking up stairs well hear me out
these days are different they never read
you'll never reach the next floor
well what's appealing about that
eventually you die then you don't got to
walk up stairs no more hey can I also
interest you in a bike that goes nowhere
why would you do this stuff for free
when you can come in here and pay me to
pretend to do it it's so simple I always
feel like I go to the gym at the wrong
time you know it's like packed the only
machine available is that one that
simulates the gynecological exam you
know the Sharon Stone machine right
never see a guy on that dear occasion to
be a woman on there refusing to make eye
contact there is no appropriate facial
expression for this machine that burns
you also can't act like it's too easy
how this is nothing I got the strongest
crutch in the room not even feeling it
fellas whatever there is a woman on that
machine there's always a creepy guy
stretching nearby hey what's gonna stay
Friday or Saturday I've been making so
much money I can't keep track
we should be no talking to strangers at
the gym yeah I'm always baffled when I'm
working out and someone tries to talk to
me it's like what's the logic he's
sweating he's breathing hard he's got
headphones on seems like he wants to
chat what are you listening to call me
instructions on how to kill you and some
of the noises people make
do you mind I'm trying to watch Dog the
Bounty Hunter here why are you sweating
it's air-conditioned in here you're the
reason we have to wipe off these
machines of course the most annoying are
those people an exceptionally good shape
at the gym I'm always like what are you
doing here you're done what are you
rubbing it in there's always one or two
people at the gym you look at and you're
like don't bother then you realize it's
just your reflection in the mirror
I don't get the mirrors yeah I don't
want to see myself working out I know
what I look like that's why I'm going to
the gym honestly there's some people
that do want that right they're like if
I'm gonna be working out I want to look
at something like myself I look at
myself when I work on myself
I should do recording so I can listen to
myself while I look at myself while I
work on myself as I live through myself
magazine read how I myself can improve
myself maybe I'll put up my facebook
page and look at photos of myself we
what my self is written about myself yo
soy muy importante
here's some house clothes they have the
exercise equipment facing windows so in
cities like New York and DC you can be
jogging on a treadmill as you gaze into
the eyes of a homeless man
I'm coming he does a good homeless man
never see a bodybuilder at the gym
that's exciting right I was getting
nervous I'm like uh do you live here are
you lifting the weights are eating them
how'd you get like that when I say body
builder I'm not talking about somebody
who's muscular I'm talking about the
guys that have gotten so big people are
afraid to tell them it looks weird what
are you doing it's great it's perfectly
normal
I'm not true buzzer no no do you want
money please don't kill me
you ever see those bodybuilding events
on ESPN the guys are up throwing never
in the eyes like yeah yeah for the
module Tara forearms what are those
people doing in the audience why are
they here his way better than a movie
huh I like the guy with the big muscles
ooh it's flexing the looked exactly like
the ten other guys of the big monsters
who are flexing wonder what this next
guys gonna do you think he's gonna flag
because that's all they do they go up
there and they flax you know there's no
talent portion never see a bodybuilder
playing the harp or anything cuz this
poor guys can't bend their arms like
that he's gonna get his ass kicked for
this joke I'm jealous
you know I am jealous of bodybuilders
because even if I did work out a lot I
know I would never achieve the title of
mr. universe which is the highest
accolade you can receive in bodybuilding
really mr. universe should we've
consulted other planets about this we
have the audacity to decide who mr.
universe is and we pick someone who
probably can't name the planets in our
solar system think about it this way the
President of the United States is
selected by an electoral college based
on popular vote the Secretary General of
the United Nations is chosen by a
community of countries mr. universe five
Italian guys from Long Island
let's tell exercisable mr. e universe
Schwarzenegger Arnold he was mr.
universe a couple times you think he
ever viewed being governor is kind of a
step down this is so easy I used to rule
the entire soul of us one measly state I
can't believe this - again the president
of Arnold Schwarzenegger
why is it everyone in the world can do
an impression of Arnold yet he can't do
an impression of someone that can
pronounce the word California it would
be weird to have that on your resume
Ryan I see here in 2006 you were mr.
universe you know here you're just gonna
be a bouncer if you want you could be
mr. bouncer or mr. bouncer verse please
don't kill me
I admire people that go to the gym I
just can't get there you know don't you
feel good when you go to the gym not at
all there's too many people in shape you
know I go to McDonald's I feel great in
McDonald's I'm like Matthew McConaughey
is what a size 38 waist looks like read
it bleep y'all McConaughey's in that
type of shape where he can touch his
belly yeah but if you're pudgy and you
touch your belly people like ooh because
it usually means you're about to burp
good empanada
there's some thin people at my gym I saw
this one woman she was so skinny you
could actually see her ribs and all I
could think was I have an anima cribben
forever
those are delicioso
I reverence McDonald's a lot because I
go to McDonald's
I love the silence that follows that
statement like I just admitted to
support dog fighting or something oh
it's fun telling people you go to
McDonald's they always give you that
look like oh I didn't know I was better
than you no one admits to going to
McDonald's they saw 6 billion hamburgers
a day there's only 300 million people in
this country so I'm not a calculus
teacher but I think everyone's lying
you're been at McDonald's and you see a
friend for a second you're like oh crap
eventually hey what's God
there's just like I'm just here for the
99-cent ATM what are you doing here Jim
I'm just beating a hooker for sure yeah
he should be here by now I could we all
know better right we've all read the
articles seen those documentaries it's
the same message
look McDonald's is really bad for you
it's very high in fat and calories and
we don't even know where the meat comes
from we're like that's disgusting I'll
have a Big Mac a large fry and a two
gallon drum of Diet Coke
cuz there's the McDonald's denial and we
all embrace it no one's going in there
innocent walking into a red and yellow
building with a giant M over it look
what's this a library Wow
get some fries one here cuz this
McDonald's fries are truly amazing has
your mother ever made anything as good
as the McDonald's fry we lie to
ourselves and we eat McDonald's fries no
they're so thin they couldn't beef at me
you read too many McDonald's fries of
course not
there's never enough above there's
always that moment when you're eating
McDonald's fries we're like what
happened were they cool then you start
scrounging for the fry crumbs
it's just a piece of paper from the
straw but I was touching the fries so
sometimes there's a loose fry in the bag
you know the bonus fry it's like Jesus
is up in heaven get them an extra fry go
pay it forward by the way that's how
Jesus sounds or at least I hope you
wouldn't want to meet Jesus and he's
like bonus fry it's never regular sized
fry it's always extra long you're like
how did I miss you bonus fry you get
your own ketchup packet you always savor
the last fry you're gonna turn this into
ten bites I'll meet up with you later I
got the bonus fry amazing for what like
seven minutes and then they turn into
something that's likely not
biodegradable you ever make the mistake
of reheating McDonald's fries in the
microwave they become packing peanuts
doesn't stop you from eating I mean like
these aren't even good anymore
all yours you know yours aren't good
either fries can't get cold shakes can't
go warm your believe in McDonald shake
out for an hour reality sets in well
this isn't even made from milk just some
kind of chocolate mucus who we know all
this
we know those McDonalds commercials
aren't realistic yeah I just like to see
one commercial that show people five
minutes after they ate McDonald's oh no
I need a cigarette
I deserve a cigarette break today but
they get us in there yes some of those
deals they offer just cruel
two Big Macs for two bucks a drive-by
I'm like well I don't wanna lose money
on this I'll get 80 of them
I know so if you're like sorry white
trash guy I don't eat McDonald's I have
friends that brag about not going to
McDonald's I would never go to
McDonald's McDonald's wouldn't want you
because you're a dick
I'm tired of people acting like they're
better than McDonald's so you may have
never set foot in McDonald's but your of
your own McDonald's maybe instead of
buying a Big Mac you read Us Weekly hey
that's still McDonald's she served up a
little different maybe your McDonald's
is telling yourself that starbucks
Frappuccino is not a milkshake or maybe
watch Glee it's all McDonald's
McDonald's of the soul momentary
pleasure followed by incredible guilt
eventually leading to cancer
[Applause]
we all have our own we all have our own
McDonald's you know it may take me a
while to digest my quarter pounder with
cheese but that tramp stamp is forever
really it's all McDonald's out there
right how can we all name three people
that have dated Jennifer Aniston its
McDonald's and we gobble it up just like
those McDonald's fries is like who's she
dating now um I know I shouldn't but
it's so salty is she pregnant god that's
not even my business Scarlett Johansson
got a haircut why do I give a shit
[Applause]
by the way if you care who Prince
William married that's Burger King let's
not even art gossip I just love the
societal outrage at McDonald's
McDonald's there's no nutritional value
there's no vitamins McDonough's like
excuse me we sell Burgers and Fries we
never said we're a farmers market hack
our spokesman is a pedophile clown from
the 70s from us America
[Applause]
we treat McDonald's horribly we behave
like some hormonal teenager dealing with
their parents I hate you you're Klaus
when's dinner
really going to make balance it's kind
of like attending a family reunion
you're always excited to go yeah it's
gonna be awesome and then you got there
like I don't know if I should be here
then when you leave you're like I think
I'm gonna kill myself but I was raised
on McDonald's and I turned out well
maybe that's not the best reasoning
McDonald's has given us so much
we wouldn't know when breakfast ends if
there was no McDonald's I'd be eating
eggs at 5:00 p.m. like a moron Thank You
McDonald's how are we supposed to know
st. Patrick's Day is coming up without
the shamrock shake Thank You McDonald's
without McDonald's how would I
communicate to the world that I give up
cuz if you're over the age of 10 and
you're eating McDonald's giving up a
little bit it's all over for me his
fries taste good anyway I gotta lay off
the McDonald's I do I've gotten so out
of shape I don't even feel comfortable
buying workout clothes I just feel like
the salespeople look at me like our
restrooms are for customers only
I get intimidated by the wall of
athletic shoes you know they have like a
shoe for every activity as get caught up
in the styles I'm like I like the blue
ones therefore Paul vaulting how about
the gray ones cross-trainers is there a
slipper section I just need to get
between places where I'm sitting down
slippers are kind of my pace I guess
even the person who named slippers was
lazy all right what do you want to call
these things we slip-on slippers
I did see this speed walking shoe I
don't know if anyone's a speed Walker
here but if you are you look ridiculous
never seen this being walkers like
there's like a little kid that's been
told not to run around the pool or
someone in then there's someone in that
desperate yet polite hurry to get to the
bathroom just said Indian food excuse me
a diarrhea joke already come on fella
of course the weirdest shoes of those
baby versions of the adult shoes my
brother-in-law bought our 5-month all
these tiny Timberland hiking boots and
our baby can't walk went alone hike
my brother low is like they're cute
they're only cute cuz they're ironic
it's like giving a blind person a
microscope
look at him fumble with that isn't that
adorable I gotta get a picture he's
holding it upside down
shoe jokes really it's not what he's
doing for his special he's doing show
jokes
what's next socks you ever lose the sock
how are you supposed to hold on to that
other one cuz I got like 80 of them but
I know once I get rid of it the other
one's gonna show up where's my brother
he's in a better place
he's in sock heaven I think it's strange
when the elastic goes on socks is like
the socks in I retired I'm done no
longer a sock no I'm just kind of a sack
you could store marbles in me but that
sock business is over that one's done -
where - the elastic goes like the on
over saying I quit I'm tired of covering
your ass
this job stinks
not going to take your crap anymore
other puns
[Applause]
it's good to be here in DC I love DC I
uh I know
stay in a nice hotel here okay all
hotels are nice that first night right
you're like this is pretty sweet then
the next day you're like this place is a
dump because we get spoiled so quickly
in hotels you know thinking of the
nicest amenities but after a couple days
you're like same chocolate on the pillow
you think right now they know I like
peanut butter I stayed at the Animal
Kingdom Lodge and Disney there were
drafts right outside my window but by
the end of the week I was like giraffe
again how about a lion how about a lion
eating a giraffe that would be magical
Disney cuz we get spoiled in hotels
there's a sense of entitlement you're
relieved for the day and you come back
and they haven't had a chance to clean
your room the certain amount of outrage
excuse me there is a towel on the floor
of my bathroom
can you send a maid or a manservant to
pick it up I demand we burn the peasant
village
they spoil us I just feel guilty when I
get into the cab the bellhop site cannot
be to your backpack uh no but here's
five bucks sorry you have to dress like
Captain Crunch to enjoy your crunch
berries it's awkward
I think it's awkward when someone knocks
on your hotel door it's like whoa who
even knows I'm in here be high then you
have to look through that Hotel Tour
peephole as anyone on the other side of
a people will not look like a serial
killer I ordered a cheeseburger but I
think it's the Grim Reaper I think it's
great some hotels provide stationery you
know because the first thing I like to
do when I get to my hotel room is write
letter my dearest gwendolyn I arrive by
nightfall at the Embassy Suites
it will be a fortnight after my return
that this letter shall arrive allow me
to explain the curious charge in the
ledger it is because I miss Bea so much
darling that I accidentally ordered
sorority sister 7 some hotels they kind
of push that porn on you some poor guy
just turns on the TV like after hours
it's 9 a.m. I'm on my way to a business
meeting after hours I'm here for my
grandma's memorial after hours maybe
after the memorial I don't
[Applause]
I spent too much time in hotels I do
sometimes at night I find myself
thinking of the hundreds and hundreds of
interesting people that have stayed in
my room and then I'll just get up and
sleep in the tub because that's nasty
you couldn't give away a used mattress
but will pay a hundred bucks I'll sleep
on one for a night
thanks Priceline hey let me slip on this
robe someone else wore 12 hours ago ah
luxury the amount of denial we embrace
when we stay in a hotel is staggering if
you knew a stranger used your bath towel
at home once you'd be like Burnet buried
in the backyard
well we get the hotel we're like
sure the business guy before me only
dried his elbow in this towel we change
entitlement we've become lazy you see
that around the minibar right you're
like eight bucks for a coke no I'll see
you this and walk down the hole of a
vending machine he's got time for that
I'm naked I'm always naked at my hotel
hey it's not my couch
there is no is that realization maybe
I'm not the first person that go that
cuz you're never the first person to do
anything in a hotel room
the 10 commandments were based on what's
already happened in your hotel room
that's why there's a Bible in there for
references I'm sleeping in the tub for
sure we change in hotels we all kind of
turn into club does where I'm going like
what can I take in here shampoo for like
a day melatonin 3 I don't take its the
shower cab yeah because I'm one of those
weird people who likes clean air I've
never even met anyone who's used a
shower cap rock as they all died 80
years ago if you are the oddball is
gonna use a shower cap you probably
brought your own and a few extra for the
rest of the Golden Girls some hotels
treat you like a klepto you go in the
closet they have those hangers with two
parts at the tiny baby head so you don't
steal them oh really hotel you don't
trust me with the real hangers well just
for that I'm gonna steal the whole damn
closet let's see how this room works
sons closet
this is how I would carry a closet
that's not how you carry a closet it's
the worst closet caring I've ever seen
there's always that plastic bag for the
hotel laundry service I did that once it
would have been cheaper to have my
credit card stolen ten dollars to wash a
pair of underwear that cost three bucks
once you clean it with champagne I do
love that wake-up call Ryan that star
with someone oh yeah my mommy's not here
so I'm gonna need someone to wake me up
by the way no one cuffed me and yet go
for a story you got good night mowed
down there
how about herring the dirty dog let's go
one I seem to stay in a lot of hotels
that have the indoor swimming pool you
can always tell the hotel has an indoor
pool because their Lobby will smell like
a bucket of bleach do you guys have an
indoor pool or did someone just clean up
a murder scene because my eyes are
bleeding
maybe I'll hit the indoor pool that's
always relaxing right until anyone else
shows up cuz in unison a gigantic tub a
sentient your underwear with some
stranger lurking there one thing to do
is ignore the other person because
there's nothing you can say at that
point that doesn't sound creepy can't be
like hey hop it what room were you
staying in I didn't shower before I got
in here kind of count this is a bath
some guys have lounge chairs
who's lounging around an indoor pool
after this chemical bath what do you say
we grab some fluorescent light breathe
in some poisonous fumes towel off with a
dishrag look about it maybe I'll buy you
a drink from the vending machine you
wanna have eat bucks and quarters on
your deer whatever a stranger's doing in
the hotel pool is immediately annoying
right like that guy that swims laps or
you know it's like settle down spaz oh
you're at the Ramada not the Olympics
and if you're a guy over the age of 30
by yourself in the hotel pool you
automatically look like a murderer was
just relaxing after he strangled a
family you know that dad was a tough one
to kill what room are you staying in
you're been in the hotel pool and
there's a couple in there making out
it's always charming at romantic
comedies when a couple kisses in public
but when you're sharing the same water
it's icky yeah don't mind me this isn't
awkward what room are you staying at of
course no one loves the hotel pool more
than kids yeah whatever I see a little
kid in the hotel pool I think I am
swimming in a toilet it's the first time
a kid can multitask I can play
what Ruby is staying at I just love the
characters you'll see in a hotel pool
case would be like a sweet old lady
someones great-grandma 90 years old
paddling around I haven't been in a pool
since the 30s why do old ladies always
swim like this if my hair gets wet I'll
melt good thing I brought my shower cap
I made this suit out of curtains
upstairs what room am i staying in
[Applause]
speaking of swimming pools my brother
has an aboveground swimming pool as if
you didn't think I was white-trash
already you don't really swim in an
above-ground pool you just kind of wait
around with a beer it's just like a
regular pool but not relaxing or fun I
guess I'll head to the deep end slash
middle there is no graceful way to get
an above-ground pool you always look
like you're sneaking into a giant cup of
tea I love those above-ground pools it
always looks like the owner couldn't
make the commitment and I like to swim
but I also want to destroy the value of
my house I need something to go in
between the abandoned car and the
refrigerator without a door what to do
I've been trying to swim a lot you know
you know is here swimming is the best
exercise but have you seen how fat
whales are whales they're like swimming
all the time it's not working whales
[Music]
wheels always kind of sound depressed
under
rejected by eHarmony my Facebook friends
forgot my birthday
why maestro bad at hide-and-seek
fish always find me would be great if we
found out whales were in complete denial
about how huge they are to mostly water
weight forward once after I show us
something came up to me they're like you
know whales aren't fat they have a layer
of blubber
I thought calling myself Big Bone was a
cop-out blubber that's like the opposite
of muscle it goes like muscular tone
flabby and then like a mile away if
blubber fat made a noise would be Brooke
[Applause]
[Music]
damn you plankton you don't even taste
good
plankton that can't be that high in
calories it's got to be frustrating for
some whales all they eat is plankton
only plankton you know the fish are like
and cupcakes juice plankton sprinkled on
pizza it's mostly water weight
I do love whales I don't we need to get
the wrong idea it's not like there are
people that are anti whale anyway it's
like don't bring up whales around my dad
he'll go off damn whales are all fat and
lazy living home the government taking
our jobs remember
but wills must have poor body image you
imagine having a part of your body
called a blowhole and it's on top here
you think when whales get older they
have less control over their blowhole
they're just in the middle of a normal
conversation what do you see you and I
grab some plankton excuse me so
embarrassing I was just in the Indian
Ocean of my stomach rely can
[Applause]
the old will geography diarrhea joke
coming in handy
no is here number one killer of whales
mankind as if there's tons of
competition let's take a look at the
leaderboard of whale killers still
number one mankind
number two the Pelican with a machine
gun and a distant third the lion on a
jetski back to you bill
I do love whales went whale watching I
know if you've ever done that we're
sitting there for a couple hours and
then I saw whale and I tell you I
realized I had wasted half a day I paid
a hundred dollars to see something I
wouldn't watch on television we're told
by the captain or more accurately
slurred at by the way when you a captain
and what are you just a drunk guy with a
boat because based on our captain we
should start calling homeless people
boatless people because if they had a
boat they'd be a captain
our captain captain Morgan
yeah he told us the whale we saw was a
sperm whale yeah I don't know who came
up with that name maybe like an 8 year
old boy how's that sperm whale or booger
whale sperm whale really there wasn't
one scientist back then to be like well
obviously we're not really gonna call it
the sperm whale this is gonna be in
touch books come on people
sperm what there was what kind of
mindset would you have to be and you had
to me it looks like a giant sperm yeah
to me it looks like you shouldn't be
naming animals and please don't open a
hotdog stand
even if I thought something look like a
sperm I wouldn't admit it Jim what do
you think that a whale looks like well
it certainly doesn't look like a sperm
let's get that out of the way even if I
was asked to look through a microscope
and identify sperm I'd be like hey look
at that
miniature whales well I identify with
whales you know I struggle with my
weight I'm on this fancy diet that
Domino is pasta bread bowl diet it's
going ah have you seen the Domino's
pasta bread bowl it's a bread bowl
filled of pasta covered in cheese the
only ingredient missing a suicide note I
eat on how they actually enjoy eating
unhealthy but a Domino's pasta bread
bowl I mean I got kids I don't want one
of them in a therapist office if my dad
loved me why would eat a Domino's pasta
bread bone pasta in a bread bowl that's
a sign of a serious eating disorder
isn't it I was out of control I was
putting pasta bread balls
batter time before I'd cover with cheese
I needed help I went to a meeting it
worked out
other indominus presented as some
traditional entree from the old country
the pasta bread ball just like I'm a
domino used to make
every Sunday you get out of my kitchen
when I make at the buzzer breadboard
what some matter for you a break on your
face saw the stereotypical phrases I
don't even know how you would come up
with that idea all right we need a
healthy alternative to the pizza
something like a salad do you mean like
a bread bowl filled with pasta covered
in cheese no I was thinking like a salad
with lettuce we could do that or we
could fill pasta with bread and injected
of people's butts do you even work here
[Music]
the idea that there's someone at the
Domino's headquarters taking credit for
that you know Johnson you came up with a
pasta bread well I sure did sir yeah
we've been contacted by the hate you're
being prosecuted for crimes against
humanity I have tried the Domino's pasta
bread ball I was at a party someone
brought it and then they died and I have
to admit the entire town was eating the
Domino's pasta bread well I was thinking
this could use a side of mashed potatoes
it was car polish but Domino's is all
carbs right I forgot the bread sticks
and the Cinna Stix why don't we get a
pizza and it's an appetizer we can add
bread and for dessert how about this
bread
maybe I'll open a nice bottle of bread
we can rub bread on each other perfectly
I think Domino's is trying to kill us I
can't figure out those Domino's deals
and get one large pizza for $15.99 or
two large pizzas for a nickel we get
them so fat they can't leave the house
then they have to call us together it's
called the Domino's effect so simple
now offering sandwiches
finally pasta sandwiches just whatever
Domino's introduces a new product I was
like I don't know if you guys mastered
the pizza yet and I think the crust and
the box are supposed to be the same
material but Domino's they're doing the
sandwiches because of the success of
those Subway restaurants right the
subway restaurants are everywhere I got
one backstage in my bathroom subway that
was a bit of a disappointment subway
right you're like a subway eat fresh and
then you bite in you're like that's a
fresh not fresh at all subway you
probably walked by and breathed in that
bread exhaust they pump out ah the smell
of bread that was just baked in a dirty
dishwasher I don't know if it's making
me hungry or concern for the ozone but I
go to Subway you know and not just
because it's fun watching a clinically
depressed person throw together your
sandwich
they make it right in front of us you
think they do is a little bit of flair
you want manage uh sure I feel like I'm
at Benihana
can I get my picture with you
it's got a Hawk word whether make your
sandwich you just stand there wishing
the sneeze guard was facing the other
way as you watch them do everything in
those plastic CSI gloves before they
make your sandwich let me just tie up
this garbage bag scoop up these heroin
needles now what kind of triangle of
cheese would you like on yourself that
cheese they're mice that would turn down
that cheese do we silently mind will
them to try and give us another piece
[Music]
have you tried one of the subway melts
where they heat up your sandwich and
that toaster oven they stole from
someone's dorm room it's even a
restaurant somebody shows you how lays
we've gotten right yeah I can understand
the convenience of a burger and fries
yeah who's got time who's got a deep
fryer but we're too lazy to make a
sandwich when I can make one at home for
20 cents
all right go watch the sociopaths make
it so guys are not sociopaths they do
have kind of that faraway look in their
eyes in my country I was Attorney
General is it like Santa Fe us
I love all the steps you have to follow
it subway before they slide your
sandwich in that plastic airsickness bag
the first step is you have to pick out
your bread and by that that mean pick
out the color of your bread cuz it all
tastes the same the whole wheat colored
bread or the Italian color bread all the
toppings are free its subway what's next
free napkins
I think the toppings are free to
distract us from the fact we shouldn't
be paying for the meat there's a stingy
with that nasty-ass meat at Subway just
pill it up I guess for a lot of ones or
something up
here's three slices of ham get yourself
something nice alright
don't say it it going on for you it's so
simple
have you tried the soup at Subway and
I'm not talking about the tuna salad I
always get the tuna where they ladle out
your tuna there's always that white
puddle of tuna water it's like a tuna
gazpacho just want to bring in a really
long straw oh that's where I crossed the
line
goes funny to look at that corner water
joke my fiance is allergic to tonne of
water and appreciate the in
consideration as if anyone in the
Washington DC metropolitan area would
sound like this voice she's doing right
now
I think the exit actually changes the
middle of the token don't tell me they
saw it drive-thru subway I don't even
know how that would work
all right pick out your bread drive up
six inches lettuce tomatoes all you want
to toast it how you gonna drive all the
way around figure out if subway as often
as I do you'll notice there's a front
room and then there's a back room
sometimes the subway guys go in the back
girl I know the kitchens not back there
cuz the kitchen is the toaster oven
you think Jarrod's back there I'm the
Great and Powerful Jarrett bring me the
broomstick of Little Caesar
Sharon I say Jared we all know who I'm
talking about right we all like Jared he
seems like a good guy but deep down we
all come on to see that fat Jared again
come on Jared we all struggle Jarek he
mentioned how obsessed Subway is with
keeping Jared thin Jared Merry Christmas
we got you another treadmill and a bag
of laxatives dig in buddy Jared he's
hung in there you know he's kept the
weight off he's been their spokesman for
so long there are kids that don't even
know about the fat Jared my 10 year old
nephew thought Jared was the owner of
Subway I was like no he's a big fat guy
who ate all these hoagies now he's thin
even my nephew was like well that's
bullshit
this of course Jared didn't lose the
weight just eating Subway sandwiches he
switched from eating burgers and fries
everyday to eating Subway sandwiches
every day so as the result we've you
going to Subway as a healthy activity
sukwon go John or I go to Subway never
meatball sub what level of delusion are
we in or with you a meatball sub as a
healthy alternative to a hamburger it's
like how do you make a meatball sub you
roll five hamburgers into balls cover
them in cheese put them on a bun that
holds five hamburgers probably the
healthiest thing I do is I take vitamins
and I put them in a drawer imagine I do
take them and throw them out now as a
kid I took Flintstones vitamins cuz I
watched the TV show The Flintstones
probably take vitamins now if that I
don't know law and order vitamins I got
one of those hot assistant das
here's the Sam Waterson it's always
bitter but filled with righteous
indignation gun fun I think it's strange
that there are stores that just sell
vitamins
you know like GNC and Vitamin Shoppe II
you don't I mean what is with the Olde
English spelling Robin Hood caught with
his ginkgo worse British accent vitamins
you know they may be expensive but at
least there's no proof they work there's
vitamins and then there's herbal
supplements which are not FDA approved
and to put that in perspective the
Twinkie is I don't even know who are Bo
supplements are for you know saying hey
if you're not wasting enough money on
vitamins that don't work you should
check out this stuff that's kind of the
horoscope of vitamins my favorite herbal
supplement I've seen has to be extends
if you're unfamiliar with extends that
means you're lying because of course it
stands as an herbal supplement that's
supposed to make your manhood larger but
one of the side effects is that it
doesn't work at all and we know it
doesn't work because they have the best
crappy late-night commercials ever and
they're commercial now they have NFL
coaching legend Jimmy Johnson as their
spokesman I would think if your name was
I don't know Jimmy Johnson
no better they probably weren't even
serious when they offered him the
spokesman here's an asterick alai dia
why don't we ask to be our spokesman
pampered Dick Butkus one of those guys
amazing the evolution of my view towards
the extends commercial because when I
first saw it I was like oh my god this
is unbelievable you gotta see this then
after a couple of months I was like wait
a minute people are actually buying this
crap and then after a year I was like
wow maybe I should try it but I would
never try it you know for innumerable
reasons one of which is I wouldn't want
that on my credit card bill that'd be
kind of a hard charge to challenge right
yeah your American Express had like the
challenge of purchase I made the name of
the product is extends yeah it's
supposed to make your penis larger but
my penis is still really small hello man
hello redial yeah I got disconnected I'm
the guy with the tiny penis
yeah I was cut off well it only looks
like I was caught off really well what
do you mean your drop me is a member
hey speaking of members I have a tiny
one have I brought that up yet okay so
the jokes over all right will you hang
up first
no you look I should go on the middle of
taping a special comedy special in DC of
course Washington DC no Calgary DC all
right yeah no yeah no yeah no yeah
they're getting annoyed okay I can hold
I'm here I'm here
look you should let me go well first of
all I'm not even holding a real phone
well I love you too of course I miss you
well what room are you staying in
so much you guys