No
damn damn detective Falconeri starters
game Bill Cosby
now I know if you get all the news here
in Nashville
but I may say something is very
upsetting to many of you it turns out
that Bill Cosby is a rapist I know I
always used to watch him on the telly as
a kid knows you to think to myself ah I
bet he doesn't right buzz I've been
wrong before
and I'll be wrong again because it turns
out that his favorite thing is right if
I can loves raping people now think
about your favorite thing you might be
into sports gardening golf I don't know
the fuck you're into now think about it
now replace it with rape and that's how
Bill Cosby filled all day every day now
I did this routine the Australian they
wrote a very horrible review of the show
and I hate that people forget that I'm a
comedian and I'm joking
but I have to do this little public
service announcement before I do this
routine I believe in many ways rape is
wrong
I believe when possible you should
always avoid raping people if you leave
the show this evening and you're
thinking about raping someone Jim
Jefferies says no the bill cosby willing
listen to me will you fuck because these
buckle of Draper 60 women have come
forward 60 women it's a big number in at
60 actually a little bit too big the
real number is 52 but I can say well I
want up here so just rounded it up to 60
who gives a fuck right
what I'm of the opinion after you raped
20 same prison time keep raping I say so
damn anywhere when I come forward right
there what happened is you will be
Goldbergs of this world when the
accusations first came out they were all
like oh I don't know if I believe all
these women is trying to ruin his legacy
or some bullshit like that because all
these rapes happen in the 70s and the
80s and they said what took these women
so long to come forward it's a good
question I think it's because as rapes
go they weren't the worst rapes now were
they he never held them down and fucking
rape do we he's the dragon finger of a
bit and now I've had worse Christmases
with uncles
[Applause]
what I'm trying to say is this if I was
ever going to be raped I'd like to be
raped by Bill Cosby because I've been
such a big fan of his for so many years
you know just be wonderful to meet him
you know how else would I get to meet
him yeah of course you know we're we're
in the same business comedy so anyway
what do you do is he dragged the girls
drinks and the girls apart now I don't
know the plight of the attractive female
I don't know the hell they go through on
a daily basis but I do know this is
someone dragged my drink I would take it
as a compliment
hi I'd be in the bar going I'm getting
sleepy who likes me who is it
so he drugs the drink and then you pass
out for about four hours and then you
wake up and you're like oh what the fuck
happened on and the first thing you
would see is that hysterical face of his
and you have a couple of fingers in you
and he'd be going
with a fingering and attracting the
right thing in the big
tell me your first reaction wouldn't be
laughter you would be driving home
before the fingering upset you being a
car guy Bill Cosby that was really
sudden now he shouldn't have fingered me
that was wrong now I did that comedy
routine which is I was joking this thing
I did that in Australia and they wrote a
very nasty article about me with the
headline you cannot joke about rape
[Applause]
turns out you can I just fuckin did it
and I think we can all agree that I
nailed it Hey
you can joke about anything joke doesn't
mean intended joke doesn't mean you've
actually done it or something like that
what this lady did was she wrote an
article about me and she did a
transcript of the actual routine in the
article wrote down every word that I
said now I hate this and I'll tell you
why because my whole skill in life is
being able to say horrible things and
still seem likable you take the whole
out of it see if you read my material
it's a bad read
if you just read as rapes go
they weren't oh my god soon as he
started to write down things you can say
things like it is Jim Jeffries opinion
that women should be happy when they're
drugged but my opinion was a joke I said
not my opinion not something I think
something that I think is funny there is
a big fucking difference between things
that I think and things that I think are
funny to say if you want to know my
actual opinion my actual opinion is this
I don't want to be raped by Bill Cosby
I think he's a horrible fucking man in
to go to prison that's what like my real
opinion is but if I came out and said
that you go or Jim's lost his edge these
are people started protesting at the
family show and people stopped showing
up even those shows were sold out people
stopped showing up because I was being
deemed like I was a rapist okay you know
who never had someone protested gigs
because of their material Bill Cosby cuz
you got to give it to Bill what a
dignified man he never said the swear
word he never lowered himself to my
level what a class act he is
that's what people went to see Bill
Cosby because they wanted to see a good
clean wholesome comedian who rapes
rather than a person like myself who is
just going to say horrible things and
rapes very occasionally like posit I
also got a lot of backlash of my last
special day which is also a Netflix I I
did a lot of misogynistic jokes on that
specially I'm not going to hide behind
it I said a lot of misogynistic things
and bear and I got a lot of complaint
letters and look I find it weird because
bear with my fifth special and I feel
like I've been misogynistic on all my
special and I haven't gotten the
complaint letter till now it just proves
that with women you really have to
fucking repeat yourself
[Applause]
I I will defend a misogynistic joke as I
defended the rape jokers of the Fen any
jokes I'm joking
this is a performance I'm an entertainer
this isn't a TED talk something to take
any of these fuckers seriously the only
time the hate mail bothers me is when
it's directed at my girlfriend or they
write to her directly the mother of my
child people write to her on Twitter or
whatever and they'll say things like you
have no self respect going out with Jim
Jefferies and I hate that because she
knows that she she doesn't need you
people bothering us you have fucking
chores to do yeah
I got my girlfriend pregnant after
knowing him for six weeks
I feel you know it's not good six weeks
I think she wants to get married and the
reason I think that is because she says
that a lot and I want to get married
everyone in my life is pressuring me
into getting married even my mother
rings me up and goes why don't you marry
the girl you already have a child with
her and I'm like yeah I got a kid an
eighteen year commitment and I signed on
to that like a bad fucking phone
contract I'm a great dad I got 15 years
left on I'm fucking off but marriage
until death the shed contract 100 years
ago the life expectancy of an American
was 52 now it's 83 fuck that
I'm going to like to live if I was going
to die 52 sure let's have some company I
would have got married back in the Dark
Ages when 50% of women died during
childbirth I would have rolled the dice
on that bad boy but she works out every
day and she's kale just to spike me six
weeks you got pregnant six weeks I feel
like I missed out on something six weeks
very quick to get pregnant I missed out
on the new girlfriend the new girlfriend
is the best time of your life that first
three months of the new boyfriend or
girlfriend the new relationship where
the person's fucking perfect and you're
like oh my god this person I love this
person after like a month like I said
you're drinking a beer with her like
she's freaking wonder what Star Wars and
she's like I do it what fucking hell
yeah she's getting along with your
friends your mother's like I think she's
the one you guys I think she's the one
who because women can hold the psycho
down for three months
for three months they can walk around
like a functioning member of society
showing up at your work parties and not
crying and then at three months in one
day you come out of the shower and she's
huddled over your phone like Gollum so I
went from the new girlfriend best
feeling in the world to datin a pregnant
chick now no one has ever said is an
evident never recorded anything like
this no one's ever said it in a public
forum but the pregnant are the worst
people on earth
but some reason society has told us that
they have some type of glow or some shit
the pregnant are a bunch of cunts the
pregnant hey they cry when they're happy
they cry when they said you don't know
what fucking cry they and you ever tried
fighting with a pregnant person in a
public place haha
doesn't matter how right you are
million cages seven months pregnant we
walk around the supermarket right walk
around and I got some Coco Pops to put
the trolley now you call them Cocoa
Krispies in this country how different
our culture's are and I put the Coco
Pops in the shopping cart trolley and
and Kate picked them up and put them
back on the shelf it was very confusing
because I never seen Coco Pops go in the
opposite direction and my brain skipped
a bit in our way ah
I think you've made a mistake there Kate
and I went to get him back and she goes
you're not having them when I went but I
I always have them
and she went you're getting fat
so I didn't might drop the mic moment I
picked up the Coco Pops and we and she
snapped and when do you want me to lose
this baby and I went I'm fucked that was
quick Alice of course I do you're a
fucking nightmare
[Applause]
like you ever been a bar for him you're
talking to some guy named telling you
how shitty his fucking life is he's like
my dad my dad's an asshole didn't even
know my dad my dad walked out on my mom
when she was pregnant with me don't you
think what a dick and now I'm like sure
he had his reasons
who am I to judge ain't sure who she
gets pregnant we got to go to these baby
classes we got these baby classes the
hospital where they teach you how to put
nappies on and shit and swaddle got the
dummy in your swaddle it and then the
lady walks around goes that's a good
swaddle you go I thought it was good
I've been practicing
most of it is watching videos from the
80s they put on actual videos they went
to watch him and learn how to parent one
of the videos we watch was called don't
shake the baby don't shake the baby is
40 minutes long
you don't need to watch don't shake the
baby all the information you need is in
the title
who who picks up a copy of don't shake
the baby and thinks themselves ah maybe
there's more to this but what if I'm
really angry what if I'm shaking my wife
and she's holding the baby so the whole
cause was basically a Tupperware party
is trying to sell it shit and we bought
like a car seat and a stroller and this
thing that you put the bottle in the
steams and sterilizes the bottle because
if you don't have the steamy sterilizing
machine you've got to boil the bottles
and that's a pain in the ass all right
here's a tip you don't have to sterilize
baby bottles
I stopped sterilizing Hanks bottles
after two days I told Kate I was still
doing it
but I wasn't and I'll tell you why
because 80% of the time he's been
breastfeed and we never sterilized those
tits we never had a special steamy
cleaning machine for the teeth in fact
for the first three weeks after the
birther cunt was all fucked up so I used
to jack off on the tit and he wake up
and have a midnight feeling and we'll
excited now I get I like sure he gets
cold sores and whatnot but he's
different he's unique little boy leave
him alone so anyway when you impregnate
a person that you don't know
particularly well sometimes when it
comes to parenting you're not on the
same page so me and Kate watching 60
minutes or 20 20 or something like that
and they're doing a story on
vaccinations and I turn to Kate and I
said these people who don't vaccinate
their kids are a pain in the ass and
Kate said Hanks not vaccinators and I
went ah fuck you know if someone sees
something in your brain goes that's
going to take up a lot of your time
right
because the whole dynamic of our
relationship is this I I go on the road
and tell jokes to make the family money
she's meant to stay home and make sure
that Hank doesn't die and between me and
you I think she's doing a shit job and I
say why why isn't he vaccinated and she
goes I think it leads to autism and I
went what medical evidence do you have
that it leads to autism and she said
Jenny and I said don't even fucking say
McCarthy
don't even say because that's not
medical evidence that's Jenny McCarthy
and I have nothing against the woman
she's a comedian and a playmate they're
my two favorite types of people but I
don't get my medical advice from them
it's one of my things she went but her
son's autistic and I went is he is he
really
or is he just Jenny McCarthy's kid
d-did we expect a member of men's that
are fall out of that woman and she said
what difference does it make no one gets
smallpox no one gets polio and it's so
frustrating when they say that because
you like crazy fuckin vaccinations and I
didn't furthermore my mother had polio
that's true gun dad polio my mother can
work polio into any conversation you'll
be having dinner with my mother and
segoe ha maybe I will have some
chocolate cake because I couldn't when I
was young I had polio
I believe that my mother secretly loves
the fact that she had polio cause polio
does a lot of heavy lifting for a shit
personality anyway so we Fort Lee point
Lee fought and I didn't win can't win
every argument Hanks not getting
vaccinated so cup two three weeks later
we're doing season two legit and I do a
medical oh thank you
I think we were the only ones who liked
it I returned season 2 legit and the
network are trying to insure me for a
billion dollars because that's how much
a season cost so I have to do what they
call a studio physical and they're
insuring me in case I die because the
show would have ended if I died or also
if I got some mental problem and just
started stabbing people that would also
be your problem so it's like a
three-hour physical I'm like jogging on
treadmills and psychological tests so
I'm driving on this treatment with all
these things I mean these tube coming
out of my mouth and I get off and the
doctor is writing something down and I
thought I'll just slip it into
conversation and I went hey it's um not
that important to vaccinate kids is it
and she went only if you want them to
live right she she didn't even look up
right does it
are you serious since you guys let me
put it this way mr. Jeffries I would not
let my children play with an
unvaccinated child so I thought that's
all the information I need so behind
Kate's back
and this is super illegal and involves
forging her signature three times I've
booked taken to get all of his shots on
one day which the doctor didn't
recommend but I'm a busy guy now
I was about to come home to pick up Hank
to take him to get his vaccination shots
now I knew that Kate was going to be
home with Hank so I knew that we're
about to have the biggest fight ever now
you know when you're about to have a
fight with your partner but they don't
know that you're about to have a fight
with them so you have the upper hand so
what you do is you think horrible shit
about that person all day so in case
they cry you can enjoy yourself
now no matter what happens in my life I
will always say this Kate is the nicest
human being I have ever met for niceness
I can't fold it she is just a good sauce
the only the good people she would never
say a bad word about another human being
and so it's weird so I'm driving home
I'm trying to think bad thoughts about
the nicest person on earth and it's
really difficult so I'm in my car like
fucking Kate
who the fuck does she think she is
fucking keeping the house nice fucking
bitch she left that plate in the thing
that was a fucking nightmare I remember
that
I know that was me I did that when she
cleans it up and that's enabling and
that's fucking bullshit right there so I
came back to his fucking steaming right
here we fucking go
all right games on I come home she's
sitting down lovingly playing with our
child and she looks at me she goes hey
honey
and I went don't fucking honey me she
said what's wrong it'll tell you what's
right thanks getting vaccinated today
and there's nothing you can do and I
pick up Hank and she starts screaming
he's ones he's super attached to his
mother and he's like Mummy Mummy Mummy
like your mum can't fucking help you now
I got to in the car park I throw him in
I'm doing it up and she can't plate
comes out she starts slapping on my back
only get the fuck off me like that
she dramatically falls to the ground I
look up and two of the neighbors are out
of their houses they're quintessentially
watching me kidnap a child and beat up
my girlfriend and I'm too far gone now
so I just doubled down and went to get
back in your fucking house
Griese I got the driving seat and I
fucking fishtailed out of there and
Kate's on her knees as he screams out
fine but if he becomes autistic it's on
you and I thought but she consider that
a win so anyway I take a cup I get him
all of his shots a bring him home and
he's definitely autistic now home it was
like night and day like the kid before
the shots of the kids Arthur's before
they shot he was his lively kid and then
after they brought him home he sit in
the corners Goku and I'm like ah fuck
fuck fuck fuck
ah no no no no
ha ha Kate's going to notice this
[Applause]
and so I did whatever I did when I knew
I was in trouble I lie so I put Hank in
a baby bjorn he's just hanging off me
like he's just hanging on my chest
because I couldn't let him have any long
time with Kate because Kate would see it
right away you know now I know what
you're thinking I couldn't keep that up
forever but I did have a plan what I was
going to do was right I was going to
stand near a doors I knew Kate was going
to come through look what you did right
okay so anyway I am making light of a
situation that was was horrible man I
mean like it's nice to make jokes about
it now but if I can at a time I was
distraught I didn't sleep for three days
I couldn't eat my brain was on a loop I
so why and I couldn't I was just rocking
back and forth like your kids artistic
until you fall you kid it - anyway cut
to three days later I go to the doctor
to get the results of my physical and
Hanks dangling off me and the doctor
comes in and goes how are we today mr.
Jeffries and I said not good but good
you do you told me to vaccinate Hank you
said vaccinate kid good but this is not
good
this used to be a good kid look at this
fucking shit kid
and she goes can you just calm down and
I can't calm down because I haven't
slept in three days
and I'm bit wired and my brains on a
loop and I can't turn it off because my
kids are sick it's on my phone my kids
artistic it's on my phone my kids
artistic it's on my phone my kids
artistic it's on my phone my kids
assistive it's all my fault
and she looked at my chart and she said
now you know that you have a tendency to
overreact because you're on the spectrum
you're fucking what when you know how
you have a little empathy for others you
don't listen when others talk and you
don't make eye contact
I've heard about the eye contact
she goes there's nothing wrong with Hank
he's just drugged out right now you gave
him all of his shots in one day which I
didn't recommend
now
it's true the next day Hank was back to
his normal self there's nothing wrong
with Hank but it turns out that I'm
autistic
and I don't even know if I believe the
spectrum is very broad like 1% to Ben
Carson's or something
so I don't know I think a lot of times
we were just diagnosed personalities
like I'm just a bit of a dick can't
resist but it's weird I was 36 when they
told me that is weird when you find out
that your your you're autistic at 36
cause big news for me I'm going to rang
up everyone I knew and told them and no
one was surprised I rang up me mum and I
left a message on your voice machine
like this mum
you gotta call me back I have the
biggest news hour and remembering you
vacuumed when you're getting married
and I went no I'm autistic
if you went oh everyone knows you're
autistic it's not that bad when I was a
child I had polio
thank the hate thanks a smart kid I
think he's might because he's the only
kid I know I don't hang out with other
kids so you just don't three but like
when he's two we put him into the school
I remember these two my friends used to
come over all the time and I was just
such a proud father but I'd be like
hatred Junius they're like why how do
you know I'm like Hank what's that
and Hank would go red firetruck I mean
like game fucking straight as of red
five I taught him that red firetruck so
anyway we put him into this preschool
for two-year-olds I was like a fancy one
in Hollywood and so it costs a lot of
money but the schools going to cool they
teach him how to swim like toilet
training we got this great big turtle
that walks amongst the kids like a
shitty Jurassic Park
and on the first day we went there to
meet all the other parents and the
teachers and all the other students and
everything so I show up earlier with me
and Hank down at the school and we got
this super early like an hour before
anyone else got there and we're there
and then the turtle walks by and we're
thinking I went Hank that's a turtle
can you see turtle and then this kid
walks up and goes hi I'm Simon all right
early Simon guys actually I'm Simon the
third on a third Simon my dad's and
Simon his dad - Simon that's my
grandfather so one two three third Simon
all right when I grow up I want to be a
baseball player I can't decide which
team because mum likes the Angels and
dad likes the dodgers hope there's a bit
of conflict at home
how old are you Simon Simon did not give
me his age Simon gave me his date of
birth and it turned out that Simon was
three months younger than Hank and I
turn and I looked at my fucking idiot
son and Hank went turtle
all righty yes Hank that's a turtle and
then saman wait it's a tortoise
I didn't know that before turns out the
tortoises just live on the land and
turtles live in the water end on the
land
Cyril taught me that
see one of my old jokes has come back to
haunt me
if you're a dumb cunt
and your wife or your husband is a dumb
cunt guess what your fucking kids are
well let's just say that Kate's not a
scientist
so I go down to all these school events
and I meet the other parents I get
intimidated when I meet educated people
because I'm not super educated so
whenever I meet like okay Simon the
second that fucking cunt right so I'm
the Thursday
he's a thoracic surgeon and his wife's a
pediatrician and I'm sat into the
fucking the Simon's right and I can't
keep up with the conversation I don't
want to sound dumb so I just say shit
we're talking about politics or
something and I just went just try to
keep up a win ah
I reckon they should try to catch that
Benghazi guy
[Applause]
okay okay everyone look at me like I'm
an idiot no way
absorbing the second goes Jim I uh I
didn't catch what do you do for living
there Jim and our way I'm hard comedian
and he goes all me and my wife we just
love comedy would love to catch one of
your show sometime you wouldn't like it
you use it what type of comedy do you do
ah ah like um I say can't more than
anyone else
I thought I'm sort of known for saying
cunt like seven years ago when I did my
first comedy special in America the word
cunt was banned in every comedy club in
America and then I said cunt loads on
television and now people can say cunt
and comedy club song I'm basically
basically on the Rosa Parks of cunt
now that is cool they do toilet training
right so I'm not happy because it's just
female staff and they're teaching every
child to do sit down wheeze it's alright
for the girls but a boy should do is
stand up we shouldn't be doing sit down
wheeze now I like to sit down we as much
as the next man but there is a place at
a time for us these are the only times
you should do sit down wheeze it's
always always have to meet your house
you can't do in other people's houses
weird you have to be at your house and
drug
well then you'll be like oh god I have a
lovely sit-down week oh yeah
I'll treat me so cool oh I'll go back
downstairs in a second I won't fully
sleep stay awake oh I don't know he's it
outweighs the other time you ever sit
down we is if you wake up in the middle
of the night you want to go to the
toilet you don't want to turn the light
on because it'll hurt your eyes and
you'll wake up too much
so what you do is out of respect for
everyone else did I piss everywhere you
have a sit-down week and that's always a
very sleepy like alright lovely we and
because you're sitting like that
sometimes your arsehole goes are we
pulling and you like no no we're not
doing we're just having a sit down we
I'm sorry oh I thought we were pulling
no no no we'll see you in the morning
asshole and I want him to be good at the
sit-down we it's important to me because
do you remember when you're about seven
like a weirdly sort of old age like
seven and all the boys at school we've
got to have a piece they walk up and
then undo that belt is underneath why
they put the dick and they'd have a piss
and then there was that one kid for
whatever reason had to have his pants
and his underwear down by his ankle
when he stand there with his asshole
hanging out at the bottom of his shirt
this is how I've always done it yeah he
paint gun he's got toilet trained just
under the wire cuz he's three now and he
got toilet trained just before his third
birthday you want to be toilet trained
before you turn three after that it gets
weird now there's people in the crowd we
have like a four year old it was until
training you're feeling shame right now
I know those friends would like for your
fun citizens is rule in life you're
allowed to shit your pants in the first
and the last three years of your life
everything else gets odd right now a
four year old shouldn't be shitting
their pants because you can have a
conversation with a four year old and
you should never be able to have a
conversation with someone who's shitting
their pants
so my mates over my house were playing
and I got a couple of pinball machines
were playing pinball and he son walks up
and dead set this is the conversation
these son walks up like this a dad we
gonna have to change me mate or just
shit my pants
and the dead was so embarrassed he was
like third stop back like can you please
stop shitting your pants and the son
responded like this we're going to have
this argument every time
so I went to cake he was about to turn
three I said Arkady he's got Hanks got
to stop shitting his pants and so she
read a book and she comes back to me
with this information ah you have to
start shitting in front of Hank and I
went on I want to shit in front what am
I going to shoot in front of Hank for
and she goes to the says in the book
that he's a caveman and if he's left to
his own devices of shit in his hand just
chuck it at us
and she goes he's like a emergency
monkey - he's got to see someone using
the seize goes you see someone using the
toilet paper someone you know all that
type of stuff and I said why don't you
shit in front of Hank she goes you have
to see the cock and balls they will get
confused so now over a while there I was
sitting in front of Hank it was a big
adjustment for me here is my shit used
to be these quiet dignified affairs like
I'd be watching the TV I feel a shit
come on
[Music]
I'd leave to the bathroom I'd have my
shit I'd come back into the living room
and nine times out of ten I wouldn't
even tell anyone where I'd been and then
my shits became like family events
and feels shit come on all right
everyone daddy's got to shit in the
chamber who wants to come and see
professional work so anyway I chicken
out of it for like two weeks I wouldn't
shoot in front of Hank and then I got
the guts to do it
so me and Kate watching TV the TV there
on the couch Hanks over there playing
with these toys I feel his shit come on
I've got one she said I I think it's
time
good I might you're coming with me
and we went into the toilet and I shut
the door and I pull me panting me
underwear down now he knew it wasn't a
normal day he he looked very upset and
I'm fucking autistic neither of us were
making eye contact with Oh
so I thought I better get down to
business I looked at him I said alright
son um first things first you got to
tuck your cock and balls between your
legs so that your penis is facing
downwards because where there is poo
there will always be we now because
you're a Jefferies we don't have what
they call big penises so what you do is
you put your legs a little bit together
like that to stop your penis from
popping back up yes si yeah
you see how I look like mummy now yeah
it's funny innit
funny yeah yeah and I want to do for a
living son you know no but I tell jokes
I write jokes you know it's always upset
me that no matter how hard I try to
write a joke off I'll never write
anything as funny as a man putting his
cock and balls between his legs and
saying I'm a lady I'm a lady
in fact if you're ever at a party and
you feel like things aren't going your
way ah get behind a tree and take your
pants and underwear off and tuck your
cock and balls between your legs and and
jump out at a woman to go ID like good
well you know you'll make more friends
than you lose yeah over the course the
last of the eight to six months six to
eight months or whatever I'm like my
career has changed somewhat audiences
are definitely changed it used to just
be white guys the same age as me and now
if you look around the crowd it's pretty
50/50 men and women age groups races
it's all changes and all because of the
gun control routine so the gun control
routine I got seen on so many different
platforms and all services put up and
taken down and that it's actually been
seen five times more than anything else
I've ever done in my career so I'm
mostly known for that now which is
strange because people are coming on to
the shows because you're hoping that
I'll do some political satire or some
social commentary or something Carl and
esque and how disappointing this
evening's performance must be
hi I just did 25 minutes on pooing now
the the gun control we've seen has been
shown in most like news outlets it was
shown in The New Yorker as an article is
shown in The Washington Post as an
article shown on CNN as news and it was
shown on Fox for different reasons it's
also open it's also now are shown to the
law students in Yale like these are
meant to learn something of some shit
now I appreciate all these things it's
very nice I don't know if I deserve
these accolades or whatever the fuck
they're called because I'm going to be
really honest with you
I made some of the statistics up Oh
if this is a just isn't real
now I made two things like now I stand
by everything I said in the gun control
routine because most of the things I
said we're just common sense stuff about
safes and that and the guns in Australia
and all that was correct I made two
statistics up just two little ones so
I'm going to fess up to you right now
the first one is this if you have a gun
you're 80% more likely to be shot by a
gun no no maybe
but sounds like a thing government and
the other one was the average security
guy in America and 16 dollars an hour
not a lot of wiggle room to be a fucking
hero it turns out that the average
security guard in America and $14 an
hour I'd like to apologize for those
extra two dollars now it's very weak
because over the course of my 15-year
career I've said horrible things about
religion I have said that if you are
religiously believing God you've wasted
your life and over the course over the
course of 15 years from religious groups
I have received seven pieces of hate
mail seven very manageable
I ride back
and I used to think that religious
people with and nutty's comes on the
planet and that was until I gave my
opinion on the Second Amendment fuck me
I had no idea what crazy was until
everybody just poke that harness this
with a stick I got something too soon
because on a quiet day I receive 20 to
40 pieces of hate mail from gun people
on a quiet day keep up I owe 20 to 40
pieces of hate mail it's always the same
thing they always read exactly the same
way except to etc essentially now I'm in
a unique position because of the hate
mail that I receive on a daily basis
because I've become the pin-up voice for
gun control I can tell you down to the
hour when an American gun owner is happy
and when they're sad because I don't
send me hate mail when they're sad like
when there's a massacre or something in
a school I could vary quite a point or
something like four-year-old shoots
their mum in the head do like we will
look at or write anything today but the
day that I received the most amount of
hate mail
when I received seven hundred and eighty
two pieces of hate mail and it kind of
sickened me a bit when it happened was
the day of the Paris shootings 128
people died and that too a real
fanatical gun person in America that was
the best day ever
they were so happy because the French
have extremely strict gun laws and then
people went and shot everyone and so I
got these letters that read like porn
like that from Penthouse Forum and every
letter read the same way like see it
happens in every country
it's not just us it's not just us if
they had more guns maybe they could have
protected themselves now I'm not going
to get into another debate about whether
they had guns where they don't have guns
because this is all no one knows no one
was in that situation and in some people
when it's far to say that I was the
supporter of is is now I don't like is
is
I hate Izzy's as much as the next man
now I'll tell you the problem with is
the problem with in ages is
you never see them laughing they're not
a jovial bunch that's what religion does
delicious meal always miserable I hear
it is such miserable cunts the edges you
never see one of them Pahlavi when I do
the videos before beheading and the guys
like before I behead this man a little
bit about me I am well I like Mohammed
oh shit fuck I
I love Mohammed I love I enjoy beheading
people of course I like the hitting
people and I like the comedy of Aziz
Ansari I like it I like is he is a crazy
guy with Monday problems they fucked the
eases don't drink you don't want truck
is is you know want some can't waking up
with seven heads in his bed like what
the fuck did I do life and his friend
comes in and goes you are so fucked up
last day
we were out drinking and by the way I
was joking and there was some guy
doodling on a napkin and I was like hey
he's drawing Mohammed who fucking lost
your shit man so politically his
country's in a very delicate situation
as in my hand it could go either fucking
way you've got you've got two parties
you've got two Democrats and Republicans
and all they do is they talk about two
subjects over and over and over again as
long as they talk about these two
subjects they're fucking you up the ass
with other things that you don't even
notice because you're so fuckin and the
rest of all isn't it officiated on these
okay to say this abortion guns abortion
guns right and and so the Democrats
they're they want to gun restrictions
and they don't care about abortion and
the Republicans they hate abortion and
they love guns and so we've got a
problem here right because the Democrats
like come on you don't need a machine
gun and you know you don't and if your
dad fucks you you don't have to keep
that that's cool
and the Republicans are like all life is
precious unless it steps on my property
and then you got Donald Trump now every
time I recorded a special the other
specials I recorded in America have been
in New York San Francisco and Boston and
everyone's called me a fucking pussy
with my liberal agenda
I'm in fucking Nashville right now
and if you want to shoot me now's the
perfect time there's eight cameras AVI
I think we could I think we're good is
it sad that the country's got to the
stage that when you buy theater tickets
you go I get get ones on the aisle so we
can run everyone wanted to get in the
middle we're like no you're sitting
ducks in the middle you'll there anyway
Donald Trump now don't get me wrong he's
a lot of fun there's and there's a
little bit of me there's a little bit of
me that way that thinks fuck it let's do
it
let's do it and see how fucking crazy
she can get
[Applause]
because he just because what happens is
he says really simple shit that means
nothing and then fucking dummies right
if you've ever said this sentence I like
him because he's a straight talker your
is dumbest shit
just because someone says something
simple that you understand doesn't mean
they're a straight talker you can say
complex thing and be telling the truth
they're like because you guys are going
to make America great again and you're
like I've got every word in that
sentence he's like I'm going to build a
wall Bible wall at home through a
straight talker and then he does say
shit that you write happen got to build
a wall Mexico's going to pay for it who
where I haven't heard of Mexican yet go
are you we've got this what are you
talking about
what the fuck you talking about that's
just saying shit he's like a kid running
for class president who's just walking
around going and we've got to have two
lunches
it's going to be a soda machine in every
classroom next to a football role but
here's where it doesn't get fun and
that's all good fun but Israel's not fun
right what he does is he preys on fear
as soon as he in the beginning it was
our Mexicans are coming over and they're
raping and there was a there was a
terrorist attacking that I fuck I got
from the Muslims ah we should kill the
families and which by the way you're not
allowed to do and then it's just and
then he starts saying after the Paris
attacks we should we should put every
Muslim on a register we shouldn't let
any more refugees coming from Syria and
the Muslim that live here in a refugee
stir it you that means is his win as
soon as he says that is is a fucking one
right because their plan to shoot people
in Paris that's not at the end plan they
didn't kill 128 people ago
ah well that's that done you know it's a
recruitment tool and it can only the
recruitment tool can only work if hate
is bread right so what he does is he
says all we got to ban them we're not
gonna let any more in the country in the
ones here have to be on a register now
you're a 16 year old boy or girl that's
a Muslim living in this country you've
lived your entire life in this country
you've always considered yourself
American and then all of a sudden
someone who could be your president says
you are not welcome here and that you
should be put on a register now that kid
how fucking quickly do you think that
kid could be radicalized now before was
going to be radicalized at all
so what he's trying to do is he's trying
to defeat hate with hate and hate
doesn't beat hate it's never fucking
beaten hate it just makes more hate now
this might be the most hippie thing that
ever comes out of my mouth but it's true
the only thing that can beat hate is
love now love doesn't always be hate it
don't it doesn't always beat hate but it
does do something right now think about
your own personal life think about a
person who hates you and you hate them
from now on
to show that person nothing but love now
I'm not saying for a second that that
person will start loving you they'll
probably still fucking hate you but one
thing will happen eventually everyone
will see them as the asshole
don't be the arsehole America
so to summarize you can only be paid
with love now in saying that I hate
Muslims I didn't finish my sentence oh I
hate Muslims I hate Christians I hate
the armies I Buddhists say the snake
people I hate Jews I don't know who I've
missed it seeks hate all our fight in
this world is not against Islam it's
against religion be very clear about
this because I can tell you this for
sure no one's head has ever been cut off
in the name of atheism no one has ever
cut into human flesh and look down
camera and God in the name of nothing
now let me be clear about this if you're
religious I'm sure you might some of you
might be very nice but you are slowing
us down we're trying to move forward and
you're in the fucking way I'm sorry see
there's there's a lie that you'll be
told throughout your life that will go
along the lines of this we have to save
the planet there is no bigger lie than
we have to save the planet we don't have
to save the planet
we have to save us the human race the
planet does not give a fuck about us and
it will be happy when we're gone we are
in the planets way have you ever seen
one of those documentaries where they go
this is what New York will look like one
year after the human race dies and it's
all covered in vines and shit the planet
once is gone as soon as we're gone the
planet will go we've got to do dinosaurs
again Riley
so we have to save ourselves in spite as
a planet trying to kick us the fuck off
right now imagine that the world is a
train track Society is a train and as
society has always had to do the Train
has to move forward because if it stops
moving forward we will run out of
resources around the Train because we
stationary and the gears will lock up
and the vines will take over so it has
to keep going forward now in this train
we have the people in the engine room
the people who are running the show and
those people in our society who run the
show a scientists these are the people
who are inventing medicines for you to
live longer and surgeries for you to
live longer and finding alternative fuel
sources and engineers they're making
machines that run more efficiently right
now all these really scientists now
whether you like it or not
scientists are primarily atheists and
they're all in the front carriage
dragging us along now in the second
carriage we have a bunch of cunts that I
don't think getting fucking enough flak
agnostics these fucking wishy-washy fuck
they're all standing around the second
carriage going who knows maybe there is
a God maybe there isn't a god maybe your
God and your God of the same garbage
like I know there was a big bang but who
made the big bones I wouldn't consider
myself you know religious but I am
spiritual and then there's this last
carriage in the large carriage is 50
times bigger than the other two
carriages combined and it's carrying the
rest of the population of the human race
and it's just filled with cunts wearing
hats for reasons they don't know and
growing beards because they think they
have to and some of the women are
covering their faces and cowering
everyone's dancing around going Myrtle
the cloud not on a cloud and there are
so many of these cunts that the train is
hardly fucking moving and the people in
the engine room are like this if I just
pull this peg here
yeah do you know how fast could be
missing oh well we're not going to
change people's opinions I guess not now
with the hate mail that I get from the
guns they always sort of start the same
way it always makes me laugh every
letter starts with eight buddy
you shouldn't even say anything you're
not from here
who's the weakest argument ever okay as
Americans from now on don't use that
argument all right because you're
Americans it's not like historically
you've kept your opinions to yourself
it's not like I've ever been a party in
the UK and there's an American guy there
I've heard this sentence she's he's a
quiet chap you're the loudest people on
earth and then they always say this in
this bucket of spins me out well I don't
expect an Australian to understand
freedom
what are you talking about
you constantly say freedom all the time
like is it always so free where we fight
for freedom freedom freedom come to the
freedom lounge at the airport like
fucking what you know when you're
singing the national anthem at the
baseball and the person holds the note
free for a little bit longer than they
should until all you Americans fucking
cum in your pants for the land of the
free
oh so free
freedom this freedom night free free
free now I hate to break it to you
because I don't think many of you know
this there are 92 free countries on the
planet democratic free countries you
were one of them every single
english-speaking country on Earth is
free and most of the countries are also
free now you're very free like get upset
and I have a wonder if I love America I
truly do I live there and I love it I'm
nothing against and none of the things
I'm about to mention affect you and
protect me in any way right you may not
be the freest place on earth
just a quick example out of the 92 three
countries on the planet you have the
highest rate of incarceration one
percent of your adult population is in
prison that double that of the country
that comes in second which is South
Africa if you've ever been to South
Africa South Africa's fun
so you're doubled out of South Africa so
statistically in the land of the free
you have the least amount of free people
[Applause]
now this is a super simple one
super simple argument in Holland you can
smoke weed whilst fucking a hooker in
front of a cop
how dare hollered not be called the land
of the free
you ought to rethink you're competing
with Holland in Canada just last year
they legalized assisted suicide for the
sick which I believe is the biggest
freedom in the mall it's your life no
government no religious group should
ever tell you when you get to check out
if you're a pro-life person good do it
with your life not mine right yeah and
also I don't think that's thought about
I don't think there's even the most
evangelical Christian who's a burn
victim just like hanging up the life
support in the hospital this is this is
for free and I'm so glad they're doing
it in Canada because if I ever had an
assisted suicide I wanted to be a
Canadian doctor I want some guy rocking
up to my house like okay you're ready
then ah
so I hear that someone's giving up a
life eh all right let me just set up my
little death machine here and I like I'm
gonna put this in your vein and you're
going to be so sleepy so soon I tell you
what there
in Australia maybe 20 years ago maybe 20
they they legalized prostitution they
thought it'd be the downfall of our
society but it really wasn't it was a
great thing like in Sydney where I grew
up that the streets always had hookahs
walking around everywhere there was
needles and it was a very seedy city in
some parts and then when they did with a
legalized prostitution they moved all
the hookers into brothels and because I
moved in the brothels all the girls had
to be tested for STDs and then the guys
they could see the test as they go in so
it was safer for the men but it was also
safe for the women because what they did
was they put security in these brothels
so if you showed up like a drunk idiot
they wouldn't let you in or if you've
got a bit a grow they kick you the fuck
out so the girls were safer the men was
safer human trafficking was all but
eliminated and tax revenue and up and
the divorce rate dropped quite a percent
there is no downside to legalized
prostitution now in America prostitution
is illegal unless you film it
how is that possible how the fuck is
that possible how do you have the
biggest porn industry in the world and
you still have a legal prostitution
because it is legal to pay a woman for
sex but your friend Dave has to be in
the corner with a camera and Dave face
to film it and Davos to promise to put
on the internet because if Dave doesn't
put it on the Internet then a crime has
been committed and that girl can be 18
years old and then she can be surrounded
by ten men that she barely knows and
they can all jack off onto a face until
she's glaze would come and no crime has
been committed
but in America and only in America she's
too young to have a beer if anyone
deserves a fair bladder to frame the
whole of the bride if the girl was ten
loads of time on a fake
in fact if you have payload to come on
your face usually get free drinks
wherever you go
you seem like a fun girl Lauren heavy
sleeper now before I go my son gen3
and my girlfriend made me write him a
letter on his third birthday for him to
open when he was 18 i don't know fucking
why it's like you having chicks this
goal you need to do this thing I'm like
why Oh 15 years boy but I did it you
know so I wrote a letter I'm really bad
at writing things on paper a terrible
handwriting I'm basically illiterate
fucking and so I'm like dear Hank so
you're a man now I'm sure you've made me
very proud
unless of course you're a drug addict or
something come to think of it there are
many ways to disappoint me who knows I
might be dead by now or you might be
dead and I'm reading this whales crying
I am so write the letter I just I
thought little life tips things that you
should do in life so the next thing I
wrote was this a wise man once said try
not to be a cunt
and yeah just gave him a little bits of
advice like if you get a parking ticket
just pay it right away don't leave it
it's plain enough and always love your
mum and I mean this well if my son is
watching this at 18 right now watching
me perform but no person has ever loved
you more than your mother loves you so
you always be good to that woman and
then and then I wrote about I just
thought I'd tell him about the good
things and the bad things in my life and
the things I did well and the things I
didn't do well and I've been very open
about this and I feel like by being open
about this it helps others I guess I
don't know but I've always a fairly
severe depression my life suicidal at
times and it's a very selfish thing
depressing because you know I know my
life's good and I can't wrap my brain
around it I just I don't right now my
brains going wasn't maybe this special
isn't as good as the last one you know
it's like a and so I've never really
enjoyed success I've never really had
fewer happiness like some people do I I
I'm such a pessimist thing when you meet
these people who go you're such a glass
half-empty sort of guy and it's like an
these glass half-full cunts fuck them
you know I mean I've never met a
successful glass-half-full cunt
you'll never be anything if you think
the glasses are full if you want to get
ahead in this world walk in the room and
go why isn't that fucking glass full
anyway so I thought about what would
make me happy what would have made me
happy what makes other people happy and
so right too much I think the secret to
happiness is is this the secret to
happiness is being good looking
now throughout your life people will lie
to you and say things like kindness or
being good to others or family or
sumption the only way to truly be happy
in this world is to be good looking now
in this world we have everything from
one being the ugliest person to 10 being
the best looking person on earth and we
have everything in between and there's
very few ones and it's very few twos and
as VP 3 then 4 5 6 is the meat of the
bell curve that's where 95% of the
population is average-looking 4 5 6 & 7
8 9 10
now I've been looking out at the
audience here pretty good like I spotted
an 8 or what they call an L a 6
oh yeah
no I spotted an 8 that's pretty good
Nashville man don't be offended like
change a super-rare like I've never seen
there's never been a 10 in my audience
ever
I don't think chains come to things like
this I think I think chains are sitting
at home with other tens go I'm so happy
hi
and nines are as rare as tens almost the
nine is just an imperfect ten a 90s like
a ten was like a fucked-up toe or
something so Nate's pretty good now
regrettably there is a two in the
audience now I'm not going to point you
out you know who you are there are no
ones ones are as rare as Ted I've seen
about five ones in my life yeah ones day
really leave the house they
they know they upset the rest of us like
the only time you catch a one is they're
going to a doctor's appointment or
something and it really is upsetting
like you walk by the nabhi being like
lifted out of a minivan with a special
crane onto a special chair and when you
see you one it does ruin your day
doesn't it you walk by the one in you're
like oh fuck me oh that's a fucking one
if ever I've seen one you get to work
and you can't focus and your boss is
like what's wrong with you and you like
I saw a fucking one they're not and
they're like I couldn't have been it was
that bad you weren't there
bullshit I've got to eat today you know
in case anyone's wondering and I know
you're not I'm a five you know the
reason I'm at 5:00 today as I said 95%
of the population is four five six an
average-looking here being now the
reason I'm of five is this when I walk
past people nothing happens
people don't get upset nor they get
disappointed we all move on with our
lives I have had but it's shithead
five I have teeth there little yellow
they're a little crooked but they're all
there
five I have eyes
they do not Sparkle but they do face in
the same direction
five
and because I'm a five that means
society is deemed it okay for me and
other fives to get into dimly lit rooms
and we can fuck each other and no one
gets upset they're like oh it's a couple
of fives fucking let them have their fun
and we get in there with our average
five bodies like this my little gut
resting on Earth fucking imperfect
floppy us and we just fuckin I'm
sweating on each other cos neither his
workout I mean grabbing on to an average
kit like I and the two of us are
thinking about like a seven that we know
that we actually want to fuck unlike
maybe if you get depressed or something
I could swoop in there that would be
because ice fives we do not think about
the nines and the tens because we dare
not touch the Sun now I'm a minor
celebrity so that means I get to fuck
sixes I fucked the shit out of sixes
people go he's off the telly he can fuck
a six fucks and seven yeah fuck some
sevens car plates one nine best day ever
fuck the nine now I'm also a drinker so
I have fuck some flaws
shitload of 3 and 1/2 and when I fucked
the two that was the lowest point in my
life I gave up drinking for 18 months
I've goes back to dude that's how
important it is to be good-looking I
fucked it too and my whole self esteem
was ruined and I went I remember when I
fucked the two I woke up in them hang on
I'm still writing the letter to my son
by the way
so I remember when I fuck with two Hank
and I woke up next to it and I rolled
over like I was hungover like what
happened and then I saw him with oh no
fuck bitch and I went to the fetal
position is that arrived - fucking -
that's a - that's a - you know everybody
in this world likes to think they're a
good person not all of us arguably we
all think we're a good person and so my
brain did this come on Jim you're better
than this
maybe if you talk to it maybe you'll
find out the thing has dreams or
feelings
give that a go so I rolled over with the
best of intentions like hey oh oh fuck
off and I obey
and she tried to comfort me with her
Claud
I'll never forget the two but it's been
so long now that I can laugh about it I
do laugh about it
I was in my car remembering how the to
was the worst thing that ever happened
to me and I was like this oh you fucked
it too classic Jim Jeffrey when will you
ever learn and I was sitting in the car
and I was thinking about how fucking the
two is the worst thing I've ever done in
my life and then my brain did a horrible
thing my brain went that's how the nine
felt when she woke up next to you right
and john wednesday you so much