thank you thank you thank you for coming
my show alcohol across its big theater
man I appreciate your coming out people
people are watching this at home I might
know this is a fucking Monday night so I
appreciate how many people have karma I
realized that in this economy
tickets for things such as comedy shows
aren't that cheap for men for women same
price they've always fucking be no women
don't pay for things like this there's
women in this room have no fucking idea
how much the ticket for this show cause
no fucking idea your husband came home
said remember we're seeing Jim Jefferies
you said who and now you're fucking here
ririn don't play basically women are a
bunch of cunts there's so many puns see
I don't know the drinks cost money the
ugly chicks know if you know the treats
gots money you're a fuckin ugly bitch
but otherwise you're a good-looking girl
good luck they're single my birthday's
on Valentine's Day so even on my fucking
birthday I'm buying some bitch dinner
if I made a noise go and I'm in a
restaurant and the check comes I put the
credit card down and she's a nice girl
she did a post-grad if I go no no it's
okay
she's very quick to give up on that
argument other arguments you can keep
going for fucking years do that one
she's ever so gracious about this is
what I think I like to be gay I think
gay would be a good move for me I
wouldn't enjoy the sex I'd have to get
through the sex I would have a cock in
my mouth with tears streaming down my
face and as the jizz hit the back of my
throat I'd be thinking of my happy place
but it'd be worthwhile just so I could
split the occasional bill that's why gay
guys are happy and that's why lesbians
are fucking miserable
with women all day
they must be fucking horrible they must
just be sitting there at dinner going
I'm not gonna pay for this bitch I just
wore my best plaid shirt and shave my
head she better treat me like a princess
now if there's any lesbians in the room
but I assume is not because laughed is
not your thing but if there is I like to
apologize for that last joke but if you
hate men so much stop trying to look
like them you never see a Jew dressed as
a Nazi
I did a joke Amerigo eyes they're
lesbians have no sense of humor and
they're not fight or whatever and these
two lesbians stood up and stormed out of
the room as if to prove my point they're
just not fun people gay guys are fun I
don't care how homophobic you are if you
were holding a dinner party and a gay
guy shows up you get a little bit
excited oh yeah yeah oh fucking a gay
guy I struck yourself in love right got
a long one if you're holding a dinner
party and lesbian shows up you just like
oh fuck me all I wanted to do is relax
and play Pictionary he's drawing
something political you can't even point
lesbians out and they're so fucking
obvious there's so long but you can't
point them out if if you saw like faggot
if I see like like two lesbians in the
audience ago excuse me you lesbians
they'll be like what what the fuck what
what do you what do you mean by that
alright but if I see two gay guys than
the ones got excuse me you guy guys
they'll go til te cos gonna fuckin love
being gay the word guy comes from happy
they like fucking man in the eye so much
they've called it happy
I didn't being a heterosexual my whole
life I would not call the experienced
happy I would call it a struggle at best
I'll tell you another reason what must
be awesome to be a gay guy it must be
wonderful to be in a relationship where
if your part is being a dickhead you can
punch him in the head hasn't that got to
give you a relationship a whole new
dimension I can't tell you the amount of
arguments I've had with women that could
have been sorted out quicker with a
punch why are the subject of domestic
violence it's a horrible thing of course
it is now you ever met a woman is like
being married like four times she's like
I guess it is choose the wrong type of
man I've been married four times and all
my husband's beat me and he like all of
them oh four one two three fucking four
they don't beat someone doesn't know
when to shut the fuck up now cuz I'm a
tolerant man
I'll give anyone three before
you're a fucking button pusher the nice
cheery way to start the show I do a lot
of gigs when a lot of these some gigs
out in Iraq and Afghanistan and stuff
for that which if I was in an American
cloud right now they give movie but I'm
not so I can be honest with you I do it
for money the first time over there it's
like I'm King
the first time I go do a gig in Iraq
they fly me and my manager in a
passenger plane into Kuwait now it turns
out the Kuwait is a regular country that
anyone can visit
then a military truck gets me and my
manager and drivers over the border into
Iraq and drops us off and we're standing
in the middle of the desert of a
war-torn country we can't see anything
on the horizon I turned to my manager
and go good booking fuckface and then
his helicopter comes in over the horizon
and lands in front of us and the blades
are still going and this soldier runs
off and goes excuse me
you Jim Jefferies and I went what other
white can't were you looking for in the
desert and this exact location then he
hands me my bulletproof vest in my
helmet he's obviously wearing his
bulletproof vest in his helmet here's a
camouflaged mine fucking ball ooh I said
why do I have a blue bastard helmet he
said that's sorry the enemy no your
civilian I'm like the enemy give a shit
that's my main concern because I've
never been a sniper but every time I got
off the helicopter I was surrounded by
soldiers protecting me if I was a sniper
I'd be like the cotton blue looks
important right
we got this le cuck everything in this
chopper that's what we call them in the
biz
and I'm seen here I've got two sold and
sitting next to me they're my manager
Bret sitting there he's got two Cylons
sitting next to him there's two soldiers
in the cockpit there's a great big door
open next to me there and there's
another door open there and at that door
there's a soldier with a great big gun
on a hinge with boards coming out of it
like that thing that you back aways and
we take off and off we go to Baghdad and
as we hit the border of the city I hear
a great big bang and he's too small
flesh it out from the small wings of the
helicopter fired by a trail of smoke and
then the helicopter goes now the reason
they do this is when they get over the
danger if there's a heat-seeking missile
it'll be distracted by the flares and
then the helicopter will fly at a range
very clever now they never told me this
is happening as far as I'm concerned the
wings have just exploded and we're now
plummeting to our death
it's nice to know how you react under
pressure because I reacted lastly by
vomiting over my lovely blue vest
ironically making it more camouflage
than it was before and you know now
we're going down the truth pilots the
soldiers the gun they all start pissing
themselves laughing they reach it
through their high-fiving each other it
turns out they've been waiting for this
joke for months
I'm cleaning blowing up myself God are
you go is it cool thank you for
defending my freedom right so I sit back
down covered and fall of the helicopter
and so I'm trying to look out the door
to try to uncleís myself and I'm
looking out over the crown of the bag
that father way Baghdad beautiful city
untouched and I look on the ground and I
see little Arab fella with a handgun
shooting up with a helicopter just once
again a free cap bid fire the gunner now
is laughing so fucking hard he's
laughing even harder than he's before
he's laughing so hard he's killed over
the guns is dangling out in the head and
I'm like what's your fucking problem man
and he's like Jim you gonna have to calm
down right we're in a military
helicopter with a bulletproof bottom
that's a hanger
we're so high up the boards can't even
reach us they just sort of go and then I
jointly said about our ports can reach
him anywhere oh yeah
and a little can't die and but I was
like I was just saying right and they
want to ruin anyone's day you had a fun
story about a man died it's funny though
my limited time in a war zone
I'd really you know I didn't see what
all the bad stuff was they were very
nice to me but this was kind of crazy to
me because I don't know historically how
we're going to talk about see like my
grandfather who fought during the Second
World War for the Japs weirdly enough no
no for the Australians he killed a lot
of Japanese hated until he died love the
food hate the people he used to say what
a complex man I used to I still loved
listening when I was a kid listening to
him tell stories about killing Nazis
there was always something exciting
about it you know I I just don't know
what I will tell my grandson about
what's happened in history now I imagine
I'll be 80 years old I'll be sitting in
my chair
and my grandson will be on the floor
looking up at me adoringly and I'll go
now there used to be these people called
Arabs
and I lived in the Middle East or as you
call it the radiation zone in 2020
president macaulay culkin got really
upset with the Arabs and he nuked them
all but what Macaulay Kolker and the
rest of the Americans hadn't realized
was that China had slowly but surely
become the superpower of the world so
are the Americans were nuking the Arabs
the Chinese nuclear mericans and that's
why we have no Americans and no Arabs
and then my grandson will look up at me
and go masha'Allah
you know you really joke it has the feel
of racism but you can't pick the exact
moment well you know it is it's
definitely races so let's let's change
subject we CLE how to blind people wipe
their asses I know you thinking the same
as us but you don't thinking outside the
box
cuz wiping your eyes is a very visual
activity no-one's ever just lent up
wiped then dropped into the bowl you
wiped your check there's a lot of poo
there I'm gonna walk again
they still want to move it feels dry but
they still burn
I think I left one up there I bet that's
where the dog comes in handy I'm not
saying the dog likes the blind person's
ass I'm saying these are very
intelligent dogs they would have worked
out some form of barking system so the
blind guy would have the dog like sit in
front of him well for fourth
woof woof woof
and then they'd probably work out some
special moss pony back for when there's
blood in the poo
nice cos they've already been through a
rough time there boy and no need for a
scan sir you know that platter which
means ass cancer I suffer from
hemorrhoids I've done since I was 22
years old and it's very young age to get
hemorrhoids but there's a lot of blood
involved if you've never had one there's
a lot of blood involved in a bad memory
if I've had toilet bowls that look like
abortions right no it's not good and the
first time when you're 22 when you get
one your brain goes to ask cancer you're
like oh I got ass cancer because no one
ever tells you about hemorrhoids when
you're young you don't never sit you
down and goes when you get a bit older
you'll be pushing a poo a little bit
hard and a small portion of your
arsehole for now it's nothing to be
alarmed about
it's just part of becoming a bad
so the first time I got a hemorrhoid I
didn't tell anyone cuz I thought I was
dying
obviously and I guys need my doctor the
same doctor I've had my whole life and
he makes me I go I go I gotta ask cancer
and he makes me makes me pinned over a
chair and then he gets a rubber glove on
he sort of prods around my house a
little bit and he goes I you've just got
hemorrhoids there and I said I thought
that only happens to old people and
pregnant women and he went and you
so I live in America now and I people
get so entertained by that the where
else am I gonna put them we'll put that
away for continuity in case they cut the
jokes up differently because I know
there's people sitting home going
oh that beer went like that then it
would like that I really like that
fucking nerds so I live in America is
fucking poseable monitor than American
and I come from Australian everything I
never thought I'd sort of go this far in
my career or anything and I find myself
now I'm out there auditioning for major
movies and shit Lee and I still feel
retarded every time I go in there now
the first time I went for an audition
I've been in LA for like a couple days
and when my agency sent me to this
audition and I went along and I met this
girl on the corridor called Carla and I
was really nervous and she Qatar's
notice and she sort of calmed me down
and we had a little bit of chat she was
really cute and we flirted together and
stuff and then I read read the little
bit and then I went home and then I got
a call the later on that afternoon they
loved you you're gonna come back for
callbacks I'm like excellent that's good
so I got it for callback and when you
did callbacks often they have you
reading with another person so I'm in
the room reading with his girl and it's
the same girl from the corridor it's
Cour right we're sort of flavour
so we're ready we have great on-screen
chemistry and all type of stuff then
after the audition I said I said car do
you have any taxicab numbers I've got to
get to me next audition she said where
are you trying to get to and I went
Santa Monica and she said that's where
I'm going I'll give you a lift now
please note at this stage of the story I
didn't ask for the lift we go down to
the car she gets in she unwise me window
she looks out and goes Jim what's your
full name
and I went Jim Jefferies and she went
wait there and she called her mum up and
said hi mum its power I just met a very
nice boy at the audition today and I'm
going to give him a lift but in case I
get raped or murdered his name's Jim
Jefferies so I've known here for me an
hour assume something bad has happened
and call the cops get in Jim so I got
here we got like a 15 mile drive
I say fucking nothing for the first five
miles I just look forward then
eventually I turned to her and go you've
just made this rape really walk with him
she fucking freezer
she slams them fooling the price he
skids off the highways he starts
slapping at me I'm grabbing the wrist
now I feel kind of rapey and I didn't
want to and it's like you offer the left
right after the fucking lift you seem
more concerned in solving this crime
than preventing it
so I write to the teacher listen how
else would now let's get a little bit
deeper oh yeah I suffer from depression
I have done my whole life of I've been
suicidal on and off for the last sort of
10 years and it's it's something that I
sort of deal with on a day-to-day basis
and I my montani depressives but on the
boxer says they don't work if you drink
so I'm not on any depressive
but whatever I get to press that down I
always feel like a selfish asshole
for doing it because it's really a
childish act to be depressed do you
realize that we here in the first world
countries Canada America Australia
Britain not Scotland Wales
you know these major countries they all
the good ones do you know we have a high
rate of suicide than the people of
Africa let's just think about it for a
second right the people in Africa one in
four of them are dying from AIDS they
sitting in a grass fucking hot in their
own shit they walk five miles to get
water with a fucking jug on their head
yet they're happier than you you're
sitting at home with a fucking pantry
full of food watching fucking x-factor
or 700 channels go
I don't know why you're not happy
because we were brought up on dreams and
even when I said that your old silent
because all of you again you've been in
a fuck with my dreams
you think dreams a wonderful don't you
you think dreams are the great thing on
earth you got to have dreams you know
what happens with dreams don't happen
your fuckable you know it dreams alike
in africa don't die today don't die
today they die today that's a real
fucking dream and I'm as guilty as you
man when I was it when I was a young
comic all I wanted to do is go on stage
with five minutes to make people laugh
and I thought fuck that man I'd better
play me and then they started playing me
and I went I'm better than these punks I
there be a headline act became a
headline act then I went to the other
professionals did fucker that and then I
went alright I better do it go over to
America was America I recorded on TV day
in America and it was like yeah it's too
fucking right now I want to be a movie
star
and you know what I'm not a movie star I
want to kill myself
that's retarded I have gone further than
a man of my looks or intellect should
ever fucking go at this fuckin moment
I'm in a sold-out theater in fucking
London in the West End this would be a
dream of mine as a child and you know
what I'm gonna do tonight cry myself to
sleep because I was taught to dream did
he never complete your dreams you do
complete them but then what you do and
you put another one on then another one
on and then when you die you'll be on
the death we're going my dream is to see
my grandkids again then they don't come
when you die fucking miserable
you're never gonna complete all of them
no one's ever gone I got that will
dreams left I'm fucking done so I'm not
gonna dream anymore fuck that I'm gonna
make little tiny achievable dreams that
I can achieve like for instance I was
drunk last night so my dream for this
evening is not to shit myself on stage
now it might happen they might not
happen but if it does happen I'll wash
myself off and start again because I'm a
dreamer but it's not our fault this is
bred into a scissors in our psyche you
can't fix things that have been said to
you as a child like when we're at school
we had schoolteachers stand in front of
every single one of us and go if you
work hard and you put your mind to it
you can achieve anything you know what
that was that was a fucking lie you
can't achieve anything nobody can don't
put that pressure on yourself everybody
in the world has limitations no matter
how hard I think about them and how hard
a practice never be in the NBA because
I'm a fat white guy another tall black
guy like you remember that fat fucking
dumb ugly kid who couldn't fucking kick
catch a ball you know those kids are
like like if he was like 1 IQ small he'd
get benefits but he says he's just on
the border of retardation right
that kid was told he could achieve
anything you know they sit down with
that kid they're gonna run it boy Kevin
you're fat free dig a fucking hole
you're dumb come
alright you fucked that up as well but
no one else wants to do it so you got
the gig people and while I'm at it if
you're a dumb ugly cunt and your wife or
your husband's a dumb ugly can guess
what your fucking kids are your kids are
dumb ugly cunts just like fucking you
except they're fucking super concentrate
dumb ugly cut because they come from
both of you into a bottleneck a fucking
retardation but you still see the
greatest things don't you go to their
soccer games
take the ball John you're doing a good
job he's getting better
she'd fucking look that thing up it
doesn't matter if you're an idiot you're
stupid and you can't fucking catch a
ball and everything in your life is
retarded because you know you'll always
be welcome with God God loves the stupid
and the fuckin off this is the thing
about people who believe in God there it
is there's no dancing around it you're a
borderline fucking Mentalist urine
you're an idiot you're like a 13 year
old kid who still believes in Santa Zeus
you're gonna dictate our fuck you you
know I don't hate people who believe in
God I don't hate them right but I just
don't want to talk to them I don't want
to be around them it's like how I don't
hate the mentally insane right but
they're mentally insane and religious
people are the same fucking bag
Department if I'm staying in a bar
chatting to either of them eventually
I'll walk away going okay see do you
know that I live in America I ought to
do it is all fucking day again 85% of
Americans believe in God
that's mental here in Britain it's like
36 percent in Australia it's 27 percent
and you know I think Encana it's like in
the 60s and in Russia
no one wonder why cause it's fucking
cold
no one believes in God so all the
Russians later get to go to heaven
because they were born in the wrong
country
fall in the wrong country you don't get
to go to heaven Americans born the right
country hey you get to go to heaven you
were born in the right place because
God's very particular about where you're
born right so half of you fucking cunts
get to go to heaven because you're
British there's two Australians get to
go and then the Americans all get to go
and most of the Canadians get to fucking
go and then there's those dumb cunts in
those woozy countries I don't even
believe in the right god they're fucking
dead they're not going and what about
those division fucks hey with that fat
cunt puller they don't get to
because that my topic god that doesn't
exist
the Indians with a fuckin monkey
elephant God what is wrong with them
they must be retarded they're believing
in the wrong God not a stone we were
born in the right country this God
selects countries that's why they always
say God bless america
because the world's billions of years
old and America's 250 years old and
that's when God decided to choose a team
so here's a web page called ask God
where children can write questions to
God and then through the power of the
internet God will answer them
imma be do is better
so the most asked question and ask God
is worthy kangaroos on the ark so
children could ask any question in the
world but a child's mind works like this
they go I like kangaroos
I think the ark stories bullshit so
Shazam
and the answer to that question is
although there are no mention of
kangaroos in the Bible it does state
that there was two of each animal so you
can be assured that there were kangaroos
in the Ark now why is there no mention
of kangaroos in the Bible could it be
that when the Bible was written
Australia hadn't been found therefore no
I mention the Kangaroos but didn't God
create kangaroos isn't the Bible written
through the hand a man through the voice
of God why wouldn't he mention the
kangaroos there's such an exciting
animal it seems to me that they really
seem to mention things in the Bible that
are within a five mile radius of the guy
riding it
like if I was God at the end of the
Bible I would have lent in and gone boy
tell him it's round cuz I didn't know
the world around if I can build it in
that was round now
I dislike religious people right inside
of me
now the thing is what I hate about
Christians is they start sentences like
this as a Christian you can't start a
sentence like that and explain to me
that your rest your sentence has any
more meaning than the beginning of the
sentence it means bullshit that's a
little fucking get-out-of-jail-free card
shit you do right because I can't get in
court and start a sentence like this as
an atheist
Arion raper didn't raver see was giving
me a lift
now when I started this show my first
routine was about how lesbians were fat
ugly useless with no sense of humor
and you couldn't applaud more then I
killed an Arab man from a fucking
helicopter just shot him dead then I
said that there's no Chris that
Christians are bullshit and there is no
God and that's the moment when half the
audience chose to be offended was that
the fucking moment they've got here how
very Christian of you towards the
Muslims and the lesbian
next time start your sentences with well
as a hypocrite I'll tell you this last
thing about you think you're a good
person because you have Christian values
you want to know what Christian values
are Christian values are a load of shit
what are Christian values the 10
commandments one of the Ten Commandments
very sensible rules to live your life by
you know what's a lot of shit about them
the fact that you had to have them
written down the fact you couldn't
figure out internally not to kill people
don't steal really you should just know
these he should be internal in you the
Bible is too wordy all the story to
where the Ten Commandments are a lot of
shit you don't need all these things the
Bible should be one sheet of paper but
on that sheet of paper it should say try
not to be a cunt
if you do that every day
you paint good person I try to sell this
shaded Americans all I like our chances
so let's do something we can all enjoy
sometimes when I'm fucking a chick I go
to fuck him again in the morning and
they'll say something like this no when
we fucked last night it was a little bit
dry and now I'm sore
now so any woman who said something
similar to this my I say your problem my
job was to get an erection
your job was to get your whole way
didn't you get your whole word we both
have things to do
see if I don't get an erection during
sex
uncalled impotent but a dry hole is the
same as a flaccid penis a dry hole is an
impotent hole and you're not a complete
woman and you should be ashamed of
yourself
but women don't take responsibility for
the dry hole if I go to fuck a chick
tonight I get too drunk which I will and
I got a fag a chick and I don't get an
erection she go back to her friends ago
oh I went to fuck that Jim Jefferies he
couldn't get an erection but if I got a
fucking chick and she doesn't get wet
she'd go back to her friends ago ah fuck
Jim Jefferies he didn't even get me wet
you see the problem here
I'm in charge of everything it's like I
used to fuck this chick through a wall I
stopped fucking her she sent me a text
oh yeah I just stopped calling her you
know this ignored her and she'd sent me
a text message a month later that went
oh by the way you never made me come and
I was like really you think you're the
one who makes me come you all know who
makes me come I make me come all the
horrible thoughts I have in my fuckin
head makes me come you have very little
to do with it you're just the container
I shoot it into
but let's go back to the dry cunts there
are women in the room we were thinking
maybe I wouldn't be drive there was a
bit of foreplay let's explain foreplay
foreplay is what we do to each other to
get each other ready for sex if I have
an erection that means I'm ready for sex
and I'm all full play it out now the
foreplay that's necessary for a woman
goes like this you've got to start by
kissing them
women love kissing men don't give a shit
about kissing we kiss you because we
like you and let's be honest we spoil
you
man they give a fuck about kissing used
to like kissing when we're in our early
teens
then someone sucked out dick
what's this kissing thing why am i
kissing this person why would I write on
the swings I've already been to
Disneyland
bye we kiss it as we like it we're a
charitable but then you start kissing
down the neck now the whole time you're
doing is you're working downwards
towards the cunt now you know you go
into the cunt
she knows you go into the cunt everybody
knows you go into the gun but for some
unknown reason you have to act like
you're not going to the gun and that
you're enjoying the journey of this
creature women you're gonna give them a
journey main name give a shit about a
journey if a man's driving from point A
to point B we fill the tank we get on
the motorway we make good time right
we're women you gotta give him a fucking
journey you gonna take him by the water
or antiquing or some shit clearly his
women read so many magazines about how
to send your man wild and how to
titillate your man and all these 25
steps to do all the sort of fucking
bullshit or get a feather involve food
in the relationship little old bullshit
play with these nipples these things are
fucking dead they dead to me he's mean
nothing you can cut these off and donate
them to some poor African child without
nipples I wouldn't give a fuck this is
what we want you to do fucking suck a
cock and cop our balls and when you're
sucking our cock look like you're in a
bit of pain because we enjoy it if you
look uncomfortable
anyway we're back to the lady you keep
kissing down now you're at the tits now
tits are a mixed bag some tips you gotta
be firm with some tits you gotta be soft
with some tits you can bite the nipple
some tits dying going in a new teacher
like golf you play the course you're on
then you keep kissing down now you're at
the cunt but even when you get to the
cunt
you have to act like you're not at the
cunt you have to act like you've
stumbled upon the cunt by accident so
you'll be kissing like a dimpled e
bitter thigh here and the cunts there
and you have to sort of almost all Hello
I was visiting Dibley Liars but God you
live down here now always a pleasure
never enjoy
you mind if I pop it then yeah then you
lick the whole General County area then
there's a bigger top of the cunt if you
like that they seem to enjoy this old
takes between 10 and 40 minutes and she
might be wet and that's the foreplay
that's necessary for one
now the foreplay that's necessary for a
man we just need to see you naked maybe
you need kisses caresses compliments and
links when all we need is you maybe we
take our relationship seriously
wasn't that a romantic joke can't
involve the word cunt fifty we have to
keep moving the shug's I need to have a
piss now because I've been drinking too
much I always get nervous before things
like this and so I got hammered in the
dressing room this is the show called
alcoholic Austin this because I'm
planning because to me that means the
death of alcohol because I'm planning to
stop drinking after this Edinburgh
Festival I'm not you know I'm not
promising but I'd like that this might
be the last DVD I record where I'm drunk
so the next DVD is gonna suck balls
living as I call the Shire Holocaust and
now because I live in America the some
Jewish people have gotten offended and
I'm like no it's not the Holocaust
getting people drunk
just the funny would I tell you what
though I did I didn't gig in Poland and
when I was out there girl I did a
corporate gig out in Poland I went out
to Oxford see a lot of you I'm educated
people thought I was in Germany you know
out switz is in Poland and I went out
there and apart from the concentration
can be bit in the corner the rest of its
delightful it's a beautiful little
village it's Eric and their tourism
board needs to get together and go okay
we have a bit of a bad rap
does anyone got any ideas
Hans give it to me yep that's true we do
have the biggest tower of second-hand
shoes in the world
I know I don't know I don't know if
that's a keeper
but write it down Johan even though
there's a Scandinavian uh-huh I hope
it's a festival you say as we can cook
400 pizzas at once these big won't be in
the DVD funny Jenga I I like living in
Britain because my my obvious alcohol
problem isn't a problem here and before
I came on stage my manager the last
thing he said to me was do you need
another drink
that would never happen in America when
I recorded my special in America they
employed someone to stand by the bar to
make sure I didn't get wasted because
Americans they don't really drink like
you people drink like they think they do
but they're very into like drinking
games with you people over they have
drinking games right whatever like I'm
out drinking America it's been something
like college boy he'll come to me go hey
dude ever played beer pong and our way
like what's being pong where you got to
get a ping-pong ball you gotta throw it
in the cup if you don't get it in the
cup and you got to chug your beer and
I'm like well let me get his strength
I'm trying to get drunk
and you're putting an activity in front
of me that may impede me from getting to
my beverage I said they have a drinking
game in England do you want to know what
it's called drinking what you do is you
have a drink then you get a drink you
have a drink have a drink have a drink
have a drink have a drink have a drink
have it you do this as fast as you can
if you get so drunk that your friend has
to drive you home
then you fucking win how many more dreg
on this bond there's a dwarf pine
they're mixing me a cocktail I am
fucking drunk now all right I'm going to
tell you a story this story is very long
the first three minutes of this story
are very depressing
sit up firstly Minister this story very
depressing but there is a moment where
this story takes flight and you have to
hang in there with me until this moment
and trust me that the story is going to
get good I grew up at number 3 tera mera
Street a number five was my two best
childhood friends
Andrew and Daniel Connor Daniel was born
a disease called muscular dystrophy if
you know how muscular dystrophy is a
horrible disease that wastes away your
muscles it's the same as Lou Gehrig's
disease a motor neurone disease except
you're born with it you get diagnosed
when you're about six years old and
you're walking right left with young
crutches by the time you turn you're in
a wheel
J Paula Tommy 20 you're in a completely
vegetative state
most people die before the twenty-fifth
birthday
Dan's lived to be 33 years old still
alive and kicking let me rephrase that
still alive he's actually died seven
times in his life of being resuscitated
seven and I once asked him I said Dan
what happens after you die and he said
nothing so good luck with your religion
and your faith I'll take an actual
statistic now his family had since moved
to Melbourne I had moved to the Great
Britain I went to do the malmö comedy
festivals about a year ago I hadn't seen
him in all that time his brother Andrew
came to see my show and then Andrew took
me to see Dan and I went in to see him
I've never seen anyone live this long
with his disease and he's laying on a
bed his eyelids a muscle that he can't
keep open anymore and they're just he's
just squinting through these little
things as a breathing mask on him to
keep his lungs working because it aligns
our a muscle that he can't keep pumping
he has a heart mowing machine in case he
flatlines in the middle of night and
someone has to resuscitate him and as
soon as I walked in and saw this guy I
used to run around with as a child I
burst into tears
there's nothing worse you can give
anyone in this world than pity you know
I went the corridor I feel like a rock
prick when I was fucking wiping my eyes
off I went back in and I sat with
Danny's brother and he went off to work
I mean Dan chatted for a while 20
minutes into the conversation Dan says
to me Jim I'm 32 years old I've never
been with a woman will you take me to a
prostitute and that's where the story
picks up
cuz I win fucker
and he remember don't tell my brother he
wouldn't understand us and that's where
you're wrong I've known your brother my
entire life trust me he will understand
and against dad's world when Andrew came
home from work I pulled and resides that
Andrew look here's the deal
Dan's asked me to take him to a
prostitute I'm gonna do whether you like
her or not but I think he's his brother
you should come along and help out and
Angele when we're not doing it
and I went wide and he went it'll kill
him and I went he's gonna die soon
anyway this is a good way for him to go
like sure we'll have to answer a few
questions and he said we're not doing it
I said why and he goes because mom
doesn't like you already and I wake your
mom's never likes me that's why I'm the
right guy to kill your brother
and he said all right we'll do it but he
kind of full sex full sex will kill him
you can only have a blowjob and I
thought that was fairly reasonable so we
went back in and saw Dan he was where we
left him hey we said Dan here's the deal
I know you're not told me not to tell
you probably what I told you about me
and him are both kind of take you to the
knock shop tomorrow mate you can't have
full sex you can only have a blowjob and
Dan went I want full sex and his brother
Andrew and Dan you're in no position to
argue with anyone ever then Dan
reluctantly agreed now prostitution in
Australia is legal so I spent the rest
of the afternoon
going through the phonebook trying to
find a brothel with wheelchair access
best afternoon ever
eventually I found one the biggest
problem of the southern hemisphere the
Daily Planet or as the Australians
called four floors of whores it's a
24-hour brothel because Australia's a go
ahead country so we decided we were
going to go early in the morning like
really like 6 a.m. we wanted to go and
the place is quiet and we weren't going
to cause a scene so we wake him up at 6
o'clock the morning it's hard to tell if
he's awake and we get him in his chair
now he hasn't got your bog-standard
fucking wheelchair he's got one of those
big sort of silver looking things with
the truck tires on it I think the models
called the Hawking and even though he's
muscles they work they get sauce this
think of moving from side to side and
back to front and even into a full bed
so we get him in the chair then we order
a taxi and then it's not like you have
black cabs out there it's like a normal
car but they've modified the back to go
higher and they drive him up through the
boot and they strap him in there and he
sits up high with windows all around him
like a big retarded pole or as the
Catholics would say the pub
and we drive off to the brothel now when
we get to the brothel takes ten minutes
to get him off the taxi I see this is my
window of opportunity so why they
getting him off the taxi I run into the
brothel now there's two ways the profits
work either the prostitutes will stand
in a row in their laundry and you just
pick the one that you want or they'll
stand around in a bar and evening gowns
and high heels and you walk up to the
one that you like the look of chatter
for a bit act like you've got some type
of connection with an Eastern European
woman then take her upstairs and fucker
if you need your life to be this
delusional this is one of these
situations so why they getting down out
of the cab I run into the brothel and go
everyone quickly gather round
I haven't got much time and these
fourteen bemused hookers shuffle over
and I went look here's the deal I have a
severely disabled friend with me if
you're not up for it
speak now or forever hold your peace and
one of them went how bad is he and our
way pretty fucking bad
and ten of them said they wouldn't do it
and I said will I respect that the canoe
please going hide because I don't want
him to be rejected by hookers and these
ten girls shuffle away and their evening
gowns in the high heels we've got a rear
falling out of them right I'm now left
with four girls the best-looking one by
a mile stays Dan wills in looking like
Jabba the heart breathing like Darth
Vader
similarly girls run away and I'm like
you fucking kidding you sluts I just
asked you nicely
so now left with two girls the
best-looking ones there the other ones
of fuck control now out of respect for
the ugly one I got a dagger dad sorry
two girls working today mate which one
do you want and he said the one in the
green dress now neither of them had a
green vest I stand up and look at Andrea
well what the fuck is all this about an
Andrew and oh yeah
his eyes are fucked as well now it turns
out the dance colorblind it's not part
of the condition it's just unfortunate
so I sat with the hooker now I'm going
to pay for everything now the reason I'm
going to pay for everything is simple
I told Dan and Andrew that I would pay
for everything as long as I got to tell
this story to hundreds of thousands of
people individually and they said of
course you can Jim but be respectful and
change our names which sounds like the
right thing to do now doesn't now I
haven't changed their name their names
that Andrew and Daniel call I'm Connor
from st. kilda Melbourne Australia I
would have liked to have changed their
names it is the right thing to do but I
look at it this way even if I change
their names and their parents started
watching my comedy they'd be like my
word doesn't Randy and Steve sound like
our kids didn't Jim grow up with a lot
of people with muscular dystrophy
so I was out there with a hooker and
said how much for the half hour and she
said 118 I said I'll give you 250
because I realize this is a specialty
thing you're doing and she goes I got
one question for and I said shoot and
she went is he mentally retarded and I
went oh yeah that's what I do I find
mentally retarded people and take them
to prostitutes
I'll be masturbating in the corner he
doesn't even know he's here
and she went okay then but if there's
two of you will know he's not mentally
retarded it's his choice to come here
there's a good chance he'll die and she
went what am I meant to do with him and
I went I don't know I've never been a
hooker but I'm thinking give him a bit
of a show dance around a bit rub your
tits in his face then suck him up but
don't sit on him or fuck him it'll kill
him
so we got to the room which think God
was on the first floor and me and Andrew
look at Dan like two proud parents
watching our child go to school for the
first time and then we leave and as we
proceeded to leave a platter Andrew in
the back I said Andrew you've been a
good brother today he said thanks mate
then we got a hug and then we had that
moment after a hug that extreme and
however we go I get it I wasn't what's
wrong and then I said hey Andrew how
does Dan get his clogs off an Andrew way
back and we went back in Andrew looks
him up and down he turns to me and goes
look he's very fragile I don't know how
he likes to be picked up I'll lift him
up
you take his pants off Andrew gets
behind lifts him up by his armpits like
I couldn't have figured out their
magical hole
Oh mom when he's taking dance tracks
leave pants off he always wore tracksuit
pants never got into fashion and as I'm
taking his tracksuit pants off what many
of you are wondering is can Dan get an
erection and the answer is yes even
though now the muscles in his body work
the cock is not a muscle the cock is a
bit of skin that fills with blood
if he gets aroused up here blood rush
there now what nobody knew about this 32
year old virgin is that dad's packing
heat I'm talking nine and a half inches
of disabled misery that is cock so
fucking big I think that's why the rest
of his muscles didn't work I take the
pants off this thing springs up and hits
me in the mouth
then the hooker guys let's do the light
let's explain the light when they
legalized prostitution in Australia that
in legalize it in all forms for instance
you cannot get a streetwalking hooker
you cannot get a prostitute to your
hotel room you can only go to a brothel
in a safe environment where they have
security for the girls in case of man
shows up being drunk and dickhead or
with a and also it's safer for the
people who go to brothels because the
girls get tested for STDs every month so
arguably you're better off in Australia
fucking a prostitute than picking up a
girl on a bar but I'm not going to have
that conversation again
oh you try explaining that to a
girlfriend it's a fucking minefield but
also they make it safe for the girls if
you're a guy he goes to the prostitute
you have to undergo too light let's
explain a life very simple sounds like
what it is you put your cock under a
very bright light and they look around
the shaft to see if there's anything
untoward then they get a magnifying
glass out go through your pubes to make
sure nothing's running around it's not a
big deal I've been rejected heaps of
times now the chairs here there's a bed
here there's a hot tub there the lights
over there now we try to get the chair
past the bed and the hot tub but we
can't get it through so me and Andrew
walk over the hook and we're whispering
slow it down to here we're like we can't
do the light thing and she goes if you
don't do the light I'm not doing it and
me and Andrew went oh he's a virgin
what's the worst that can happen and she
whispered actually I'm more concerned
about its cleanliness then his brother
Andrew said loudly and proudly or washed
it before we came out now you may think
you're a good brother good sister good
mother good daughter whatever the fuck
you think you are in this world but
you're nothing until you've washed your
disabled brother's cock to take him to a
prostitute
that is love ladies and gentlemen turn
g1 so we looked at Dan everyone agreed
it was time to go
he looked at Dan Lee and Andrew looked
at him and went way down there my she's
got anything you want to say to his side
now cuz I we were going to leave like it
was what dandy
trained me and Andrew went back down to
the bar we hang out with the hookers
like ten of them sort of mulling around
here we're standing they don't know what
Dan's up to it but we're standing around
the bar with little hookers and then
five guys from London walk into the bar
who were obviously out of their fucking
skulls and coke now if you've never
taken a lot of coke they know if anyone
has got me if you've never taken a cloak
you know when it went like five or six
guys get together and take Koken like a
Tuesday there comes a point at about
6:00 in the morning when we go we better
coop some chicks are maybe in court
ex-girlfriends like bring some friends
bring some friends
hey I don't know what you're expecting
so basically this I think was a
Wednesday we did this I think these guys
have been a coke or night and they've
obviously got okay let's go down the
profit will go down the broth will be
fun oh god I'm brothel and I'm saying
the bar chat with little hookers and
these five guys from London walk in and
whatever recognises me and goes singing
fucking Jeffries Jim fucking Jeffries ah
no you might I know you the committee
that especially I split clean and I went
hey how you doing man he goes hey Jim
Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim well on a coke
and I went yes and after I run after the
toilet and did a line of coke I come
back out and obviously I've left Andrew
alone for too long and he was sort of
panicking all by himself and I sort of
walk in what's wrong
and he goes what if we've done the wrong
thing here what what if he's in there
dying right now what if he stopped
fucking breathing or a woman what the
fuck he's hard stop what the fuck we
meant to do I said not a problem not a
problem or resuscitating and he said do
you know how to do that I said no I
don't get how hard could it be push push
playboy H I have an imbalance that the
slightest that's the exact thing I said
to him push push blow blow
then the prostitute walks back in the
room there was with Dan so I'm staying
with the five coke veins ten prostitutes
she walks in the room is like that
moment a movie with the needle on the
record just sort of goes and everything
stopped and she walked in and she said
well it's over and me and Andrew in
unison when he's eating
and her exact words were auditing check
that sure
me Andrew the five coke friends the ten
hookers we all run to the room now he's
not dead he's chairs back in the upright
position his cock is still sitting up
majestically covered in jizan spit but
for a man who an hour ago couldn't lift
these eyelids he was sitting there like
this now you might be wondering why he's
eyelids were up like button let me
explain something it wasn't through
happiness tell you so myself
I'm 33 years old I'll be masturbating
since I was 10 years old and in that
time I have not missed the day every
single day I masturbate haven't missed a
fucking day every day I'm in a hotel
room with a laptop way high up on my
chest here so I have to look the filth
I'm doing to myself I'm watching porn
here and nine times out of ten I hit the
Apple sign right
and I do this every single fucking day
yet I would be mortified if any one of
you was to ever see me doing this I
would want to fucking kill myself and I
do this every single fucking day now
imagine if you've never ejaculated
through the power of yourself you've
never had another person do it you're 32
years old and for the first time you've
shot a lot of fucking stale cheese all
over the fucking room and you're sitting
there with your cock out and 15
strangers walks in and you do not
possess the power to put your cock away
can you see how that might be a bit
unhinging so we had to get him dressed
quickly but he's come everywhere
and this time I look him up and down I
turned to Andrew and Andrew I don't give
a fuck our fragile is I'm taking the top
off this time and we lifted him up and
we put his pants on and we proceeded to
leave the brothel there as we left the
brothel
I turned to Dan a sedan a paper a story
please tell me what happened and he said
well she danced around a bit robbed the
teaching me face and sucked me off which
is what I asked to do it's so nice to be
a disabled sex property
but even even nicer than that I used to
have a preconceived notion on what I
thought about people such as prostitutes
ma'am but I was wrong that woman treated
him with dignity and respect and made
him feel like a sexual being for the
only time in his life he can't put a
price on it
all right well 180 then we go out front
and we go to call a taxi and the taxi
driver who drove us there he's still
sitting out the front in his car and he
winds his window down and looks out and
goes I'll Drive you home for free I just
need to know what happened thank you
very much ladies gentlemen
you