well good evening London you are sadness
you are in very safe hands this evening
I'll be doing comedy now for money and
sex going very well
um I live in North London now and a guy
came up to me in the high street never I
live came up he's all excited you went
oh I didn't recognize you I said yeah
you did
I should really explain when I walked on
as well I look like this because my dad
is Irish and my mum is Roger Federer
speaking of looks we were watching
proper BBC news the other day and Liz
Hurley came on the news not like that
obviously
but she was on the news she was
promoting some new TV show and they did
this thing they would only get away with
doing this on the news they put her age
after her name so it said Liz Hurley 50
and my girlfriend turned to me and went
I hope I look that good when I'm 50 I
said you don't know that good now what
do you think is gonna happen you're
giving it to 49 and invent a time
machine are you Besta like literally a
good-looking woman you deliver that with
you yeah I mean I don't wanna be crude
well I don't be crude but not too later
on are I'll ease it in it's a gift
um
literally is good woman put it this way
I would ride her like a stolen bike you
look as if you may require further
clarification there so what what I'm
saying is I would crawl over broken
glass to suck the cock of the last man
that fucked
ladies spend ages getting ready for a
night out not all of them obviously hey
probably nari um don't feel bad I was
just randomly point down to ever sat
there so that's that is nothing more
than a than a happy coincidence you're
laughing but the eyes are fucking
daggers I'm in all kinds of trouble my
girlfriend spends ages getting ready for
a night out not sure what she's getting
ready for this appointment is my best
guess
Nando's in a movie that's our classic
date night and I love the cinema don't
get me wrong
love the cinema my only issue with the
cinema seni a little thing I get annoyed
by the popcorn I think the popcorn in in
cinema should have a very clear warning
label on it saying may contain nuts
because if you're with me it might I
know you said you wanted salty weight
because I've cut a hole in the bottom of
the container and I'm sort of placed it
there
I've shoved my journals through the hole
and then when the lady I'm with has
reached in to get popcorn innocently
enough she's touched my genitals and
that's caused me to ejaculate
and it's that ejaculate that's cause the
salty flavor you're so familiar with I'm
happy to explain any and all of these as
we go through it's clearly a mixed
ability group horror films anyone else
about horror films
I like watching horror films hiding
behind the sofa cuz that way my
neighbors don't know I'm there
I like those black-and-white films when
no one says anything interracial porn
own panic I've checked and that one's
fine um flooding we had pretty bad
flooding last year I saw a woman on the
news in a flooded front room crying I
thought crying's not help n if anything
you're making matters worse love huh see
the flooding was pretty serious we knew
the flooding was serious could happen in
London that's when you know it's serious
it's not as bad when it happens to the
West Country is it chance for them to
get some use out those webbed fingers
I'm sorry we're taping this deceiving
for Netflix I should explain the West
Country sort of Louisiana there you go
I'll translate as we go along Jerry one
in from the West Country well sir I
didn't mean to ruin your romantic night
out with your sister
last time we had a white Christmas I
made snow angels i skidded on some ice
and took out three pedestrians I
recently wrote a book about poltergeists
and I'm pleased to say it is flying off
the shelves proper fucking jokes in this
show my friend said to me what rhymes
with orange I said no it doesn't how do
they get all those drugs into our jails
I guess they're smuggled in by some
asshole how many of you Joe you just
give me a look there as if so yeah so we
do that real fucking problem
what are you for looking sir have a
little think I mean not busy relax
cool you're an accountant where were you
and the fucking needed you mate hey no
good showing up now no good showing up
now oh do you watching this on Netflix
in America don't Google that I'm a good
guy
while our comedians do on stage is they
bullshit the audience they'll they'll
tell an audience they've recently broken
up with a girl bullshit
the reason they do is to elicit sympathy
from attractive female audience members
so then after the show they've got that
sympathy in when they're chatting to
them at the bar they can try and sort
chat them up try and pick them up
ultimately try and shag them rest
assured I would never do that because I
think it would be disrespectful to the
memory of my wife
I just need to be held have we got any
Christians in it anyone here Christian
Chris Christian Nell what what's your
name sir andreas well very nice to have
you in an offer just for you Andres
would you be interested in dress in
buying some magic beans I'm only asking
you andreas cuz you are fucking gullible
I'm sure Andreas won't mind me sharing
out with the group you know you are you
believe the story of a 14 year old girl
who finds herself pregnant when asked
about the pregnancy as well she might be
she goes this no you think I was raped
by a ghost really Andreas
fast forward 2000 years if that girl was
from London and she was on Jeremy Kyle
would you believe it in would you fuck I
mean you'd watch it but you want your
thinking Josef mug Mary's slag the Daily
Mail ago mental wouldn't they immigrant
team mum benefits cheat living in luxury
sheds have you declared that gold
frankincense and myrrh and race you
don't look annoyed you're right
you're fine cool shoe on I got a guy
annoyed without the other week I did
that very material and there was going
down the front a middle-class guy I got
him really annoyed you could tell when
you've annoyed Tilghman middle class cuz
they get bit Bob Lee headed he had a
point to making it was rattling around
in his head
as I said someone else how much your
point he said oh no she made those jokes
about Jesus and the Christians would you
say that about Mohammed or the Islamic
faith
I wonder Isis a very good point well
made have you thought about blowing
something up no one scared of you
seriously what are you gonna do Andreas
forgive me
I try not to censor myself on stage I
should say that early on I you know if I
think something's funny I think you
might think it was funny as well and
then we'd all have a laugh releasing
endorphins and the world would be a very
slightly better place yeah and if
anyone's offended yeah fuck em but I
wrote a joke recently I worry about
telling I wrote a joke about the
negative stereotypes that still prevail
in our society concerning women and I
worry about telling that joke because I
worry well if I were to tell that joke
and it would be misconstrued as genuine
misogyny it could really light the fuse
on some bitches tampon I would feel
awful I'm not sexist I've got nothing
but respect for every woman I've ever
slung one up
I'm quoting there of course that's a
line from Pride and Prejudice
spoiler alert in the end mr. Darcy
slings one-upper it's very good oh he's
an interesting fact the mother the most
common superstition in Britain today is
a belief in horoscopes and there's a
name for people that believe in
horoscopes
they're called single women are there
any single ladies English out single
ladies if you were who's the single lady
down there what's your name Laura what's
your day about what month what star sign
is that I see so February and what
what's the exact date for 26 it's just
you die alone
normally this is a really up me better
show no nine times out of 10 mr. right
is just around the corner but we're not
alone alone accounting to your face was
not great news is it I really hope this
hasn't ruined your last night out we
should find out more what you do your
job what are you studying engineering
where you from from China I'm fucking
big in China what army are you living
here or you just you're visiting and you
decided I tell you who I want to see
that fella you've made a terrible
decision this is Phil you definitely
didn't Google me in China I tell you
that for nothing
there's no way I made it past that
firewall
cominius
some people think it's good luck if a
bird shits on them and they're called
German porn stars
you don't get it google it I find most
young women make a lot of noise in the
bedroom I guess they're not expected to
see any one of their window
now my job is writing jokes all I gotta
do for a living is write jokes pretty
easy job to have now sometimes I don't
even have to do that sometimes you just
overhear people saying something and you
think well I could just tell people why
I overheard and that's enough just
rapport speech that'll do
I had this happen recently I was in a
supermarket car buy you'll find a more
boring place to be just walking back to
my car with a coffee overheard these two
men having a conversation
it was clearly gonna be a fight but it
wasn't a fight yet so as a walk by I
just had to skip it a conversation that
is all I needed I'll tell you what one
man said to another man we'll all have a
laugh and we'll move on with our lives
I had one man Tate to another you can't
park in a disabled Bay you spastic
shut the front door you can't park in a
disabled Bay you spastic how could you
be that right I'm not wrong not quickly
it's remarkable girls political
greatness has changed the world as I
don't mind tackling the tough topics
here's my view on immigration I sort of
think these Bulgarians and these
Romanians they come over here taking our
polish people's jobs
people that are here to political
correctness are in my opinion retarded
faggots I can see some of you sitting in
judgment thinking are retarded faggots
that is an offensive phrase but it's not
that offensive a phrase not when you
compare it to my impersonation of a
retarded faggot
how are you fucking me mmm that's
offensive
compared to that phrase doesn't seem as
bad now does it
I've been described London as a sex
symbol that symbol is a question mark
followed by a no I've had sex with a lot
of different woman the first time I had
sex I wanted it to be special
not special special but consensual
actually didn't lose my virginity until
I was in my 20s and really the reason
was being fussy most women are really
far safe
what made it worse was my best friend
lost his virginity in year 11 which
would have been pretty cool but he was
home-schooled it's not as bad as you
think fit mum could have been worse
could mean ugly dad cheer up everyone
well I've got the easiest job here I
just tell jokes that couldn't get any
easier than telling jokes and let's find
out why other people do do we have any
nurses ins anyone nurse you know oh you
got your hand up there what what kind of
a nurse are you you talk to them over
the phone are you sure if people think
you're dressed as a nurse and you'll
check to them on the phone I think I'm
not sure you're feeling very stiff are
you I see I think I can help any other
nurses what else we got
geriatric can't go wrong with geriatric
Enya you give too much of something and
they always dead no one no one's doing
an autopsy on a 91 year old fucking you
find any others in intensive care
what's interesting so the other nurses
do you care about your patients
okay you care about your patients do you
little bit not like she fucking cares
intensively
hope they make it and any others what
else we go
sorry student we should get together and
have a chat after the show because I'm
also not a nurse what sorry
so did you say dental Oh dental nurse
well I think we can all agree that
doesn't count seven years ago
no way are you joking
let me ask you sir I know what you do
for a living
if I gave you a disgusting pink fluid to
drink and there was a sink there and I
said rinse would you be able to you'd be
able to work out where to spit it it was
we don't need you a nurse finds a rectal
thermometer in her pocket and thinks
some ourselves got my pen social
networking sites you're on the social
networking sites they're bloody good on
there to help people to meet people
that's what they do brilliantly I've got
a friend of mine gay friend of mine join
Grindr a couple of weeks ago and his
social life has been such a whirlwind
he's hardly being able to sit down
that's a joke about super aggressive
anal sex you got that all right is key
you credit lesbians get a lot out of
internet dating I'll explain
we've all got pretty good gaydar these
days and we everyone's got we're all
familiar with gaydar the term yes so
gaydar is the voice in your head that
when you meet a gay guy goes oh okay guy
if you say out loud bum on the loose
bummer on the loose
that is homophobia check yourself before
you wreck yourself yeah I just said that
deal with it
but we're lesbians the gaydar certainly
needs to be more finely tuned doesn't it
for that for the lesbians needs to be
more finely tuned but yet sometimes very
difficult to know whether a woman is a
lesbian or just a regular girl in a very
bad mood
and if you're a lesbian and you didn't
find that funny well you've proved my
point for me
are there any lesbians in does anyone
favor the flat eschew any lady golfers
is anyone here allergic to nuts would
any of the women in here describe
themselves as crack addicts
all vegetarian
you see are there any lesbians in
[Applause]
well you're definitely one of the
butcher ones ah yeah
maybe there are none in maybe there's a
so but that'd be a very weird thing that
one maybe there's no maybe no one's
full-time gay dudes pretty much go
full-time dunno you mean very few
bisexual men I bet like a handful in my
life of bisexual men they like fucking
unicorns men make a decision about dicks
early on either this one's good reskin
fuck off or these are all delicious bar
[Applause]
it's one or the other forever whereas
with the lesbians it could be a mood
think on it could be a mood thing
spaghetti is I believe the term straight
until wet you're not laughing you're
learning and that's great to breakfast
we had a lovely lesbian couple in
recently whenever sitting short
front-and-center and I got chatting to
them and you know that's well I might I
said I said girls what what would it
take to get you back on solids and one
of the girls quick as a flash went 12
inches I said well I could give you 12
inches in three installments
of course the big question at the moment
globally is should gay men be allowed to
get married and I'm a liberal
I say yes as long as they find the right
woman I could have been gay I failed the
oral don't neglect the balls there's a
lesson there is one sexual grouping that
annoys me in society one grouping and
it's it's actually heterosexual men it's
only been the last copy is I've started
doing the show 8 out of 10 cats does
countdown as a result of doing that show
I'm now associated with Rachel Riley and
as a result of that well this is the
problem I'll be on trains in bars hotels
wherever I happen to be men will come up
to me they won't even say hello to me
they'll just come up to me go Rachel
Riley a Kiefer one well she'll be
thrilled how can we get in touch I mean
I get it Rachel Riley's a very
attractive woman if she was my daughter
I'd still be barfing up
[Applause]
true story um but let's be realistic I'm
43 years of age Rachel Riley is 28 I
look at everything Oh funny you were 10
years younger the thing that's annoying
about straight men is what it's all
about surface just about looks and
nothing else it's never about her mind
and her mind is the extraordinary thing
she's so clever she's like a walking
talking Stephen Hawking she's brainy er
than Kurt Cobain's garage ceiling too
soon fucking movies always shoot his
mouth off think of or there are a couple
of empty seats there in the middle is so
empty you see there in the middle you
have me to shut up for a day have you
met him no it's her carer someone's not
getting laid tonight but totally worth
it so while play
yeah I had great late comers the other
week so I think I think everyone said a
great lake comes the other week so it's
playing this venue and it had a wooden
floor and this couple walked in about
you know half an hour into the show they
walked in and the lady had really clunky
shoes on so as she walked in it was like
the loudest thing you've ever heard as
she walked in and it really pulled focus
and they sat sort of front and center
that's all I thought what I bet to say
hello I said well how come how come you
guys are late and the guy said really
aggressive he said she's pregnant
immediately I'm on the back floor went
oh right uh when did you and he went
about nine months fucking legend
Oh now some of you sent me text messages
during the evening and thank you very
much and some of you sent me text
messages and fuck you very much I'll
show you what I mean first one in Jimmy
are you disappointed that instead of
being hung like a donkey
you laughed like one
oh really wish I didn't laugh for that
especially like that what's the
difference between three cocks and a
joke your mom can't take a joke
[Applause]
can you stop dissing my dad thanks jesus
san andreas have you got an emoji of a
church on your phone tragic
haha went to my daughter's netball
finals the other day what a semi hey
Jimmy it's mine and my boyfriend's
one-year threesome uh what who's whose
one-year anniversary is it where are you
oh hello how are you
can I just have a look now be alright
thanks
what is your stance on me ship horn like
a like a deep lunge
sorry so we made eye contact I really
feel like we're in this together now my
stuff on my hamstrings please can you
take the piss out my fiancee she's five
months pregnant and ginger where's the
ginger pregnant lady where are you oh
I'm not gonna say the bit I'll say to
you I say to all ginger women I meet who
are pregnant well done well done you
tricked someone into fucking that
I became a proud dad today my son is
actually four but it was a boring little
cunt for the first three years there's a
ring of truth there isn't there he
doesn't do much can't even kick a
fucking ball hi Jimmy what would you do
to make a wedding day stand out and be
even more special leave her at the aisle
who's who's getting her who sent me that
who's oh you'll get you two again
married you are I mean I don't wanna be
rude to you sir you seem like a lovely
fella but you are punching way above
your wife I don't believe well how have
you done that she got low self-esteem or
if you've got money what's going on you
can't see it but this is I mean they're
like they're like different species this
is well played man well played
um what madam I've got I've got a tip
for you or if you like I could put the
whole thing in oh she said yes yeah she
hasn't said much you want money
potential she's gonna marry you she's
wearing the ring oh yeah cos girls hate
jewelry I remember now fucking terrific
wallplate doorbells we got um my son was
thrown out of school today for letting a
girl in his class Swank Imhoff I said
son that's three schools this year maybe
teaching isn't for you
[Applause]
oh hey Jimmy what would be your advice
for finding my friend David a girlfriend
thanks Rob where's where's where's David
hi David
how are you mate yeah and you're looking
about how long have you been single too
long
not a worry do you like engineering
students don't you fucking do good what
do you think you can tell you I don't
live in this country Serge remember
earlier when she was a student in this
country studying engineering she's given
all that out
not to be with you but to make sure it
doesn't happen that is a what do you do
you work in a gym
okay and you you know that you're gay
yet or not because I know this can be a
tough way to find out but I've got the
super I've got like the deluxe gaydar
and it turns out what you like is not
that you work in the gym - yeah you must
like what am i seduce in a man no this
doesn't seem Oh when I try and sleep
with him just to prove a point
come on it's only one did any more any
other single lady see him and like the
idea you know that sounded like I mean
I've also got slag da that that so I
mean it might not be a relationship but
that will fuck you in half
what else we got I'm Jimmy I went to the
gym last week and announced a hole in my
trainer big enough to put my finger in
anyway she made a formal complaint her
bear for that it's a shame that was
there he made a formal complaint that
would have been perfect
oh what's the difference between lentil
and a chickpea I don't know what's the
difference really lent alanda chickpea I
wouldn't pay two hundred pounds to have
a lentil on my face you were great in
the lego movie don't let them take the
piss out of your clothes Jimmy that's
the best material you've got
Sonne
quano huh
thanks to those my girlfriend gets
annoyed by my loud chewing but I don't
complain about the pubes in my teeth so
choke my girlfriend isn't got pubes
yet
if you only laughed when I said yet
you're a bad person there's something
you can get gentlemen if you have or you
perceive that you have a small penis
it's called an Aldi convertible have you
gotten any convertible
she just gave you a lot like something
in the joke related to you
you said he definitely wasn't the car
okay haha what do you do for living sir
an osteopath okay I mean just say
masseuse if you mean masseuse tied
business run away from home full of
questions curious as to what an
osteopath my to and what about you the
other half would you do you're his
sister
and while I don't approve
you're not the other half you're his
you're his sister okay and you guys are
just out on a Saturday night on the date
this is the worst tinder has ever got it
this is your birthday present well I'm
what happy birth I can't ask your age
because you're a lady but um how much do
you weigh
what do i do is it a big birthday is it
like a big birthday a small birthday 23
oh you're so young and well why don't we
what are we making special after the
show come backstage and I think I blast
you
did Joe our fucker huh all the teachers
at my school really strict remember
every Monday morning I had to give the
deputy head
now I keep on getting asked why are
there more female stand-up comedians it
should be 50/50 right because the
population is 50/50 men and women laugh
at the same things we think of the same
funny things to say in life so it should
be 50/50 the sort proportion of
comedians on stage but it isn't and I
was wondering why I think it's because
women have an ability that men don't
possess women have the ability to think
of something funny to say and then not
say it because it might hurt someone's
feelings or be inappropriate men that
men don't really have that gear what
we've got is probably best described as
joke
Tourette's if we think something might
be funny we are fucking saying it not
later on when everyone's calmed down
right fucking now we could be your mum's
funeral alright love she's not the only
thing that stiff well nothing ventured
she was already in a terrible mood
lovely spread she's got a face on
there's no pleasing some people my jokes
are excitation against me too like
proper trouble have you got any pleased
in any police officers I was one over
there well I got stopped speeding not
the worst thing I've done face facts
so got pulled over speeding right and
their police officer came around to the
window the car did the usual thing of
going do you know how fast you were
going I said I'm sorry officer clearly
too fast I'm so sorry couldn't have been
nicer and more middle-class about the
whole thing
and he went 88 miles an hour and I said
I was trying to get back to 1955 three
fuckin points on my license would you
have let me off
no well you think eighty eight's to
files to be doing in a 30 zone during
the day in my defense I was fucking
hammered
I hate oversleeping waking up and Sully
realizing I'm in the wrong lane must be
tough being an airhostess their ears
must pop all the time what with sucking
the pilots cock so hard joking I'm sure
I get used to it
PC thinks it's helping but I'm not sure
political correctness really changes
anything because the political credits
you're not meant to say airhostess
anymore are you human human say if it's
a woman sky waitress and if it's a man
homosexual you change anything I joke a
lot about sexism and misogyny just look
at I view them as ridiculous sort of
visible things in our society but when
you hear a story about someone being
actually sexist it blows your mind that
people could be they're ignorant I heard
a story recently I was flying to New
York and I got chained to the flight
crew they told me what happened the week
before I'll tell you the story so you
know when the pilot does the little
tannoy announcement at the beginning of
a flight he does the little hello I'm
your captain johnathan and we're flying
at 38,000 feet to New York today and
you're sitting there flicking through a
magazine thinking couldn't give a fuck
who you are I don't know where we're
going it says it on the ticket you don't
get there anywhere else - you don't get
that in the back of a taxi
hello my name's Eric um we're going to
your house
why'd you naked Eric drive the car
so on this occasion it happened to be a
female pilot so it's hello my name's
Sharla I'm your pilot today and we're
flying at 38,000 feet to New York and
this guy on the flight undid his seat
belt got up got his hand luggage down
from the overhead and started walking
down the aisle
so the cabin crew are having a little
hissy fit they said oh you've got to sit
down we're about to take off he said no
I'm going off this Oh what's the problem
is it woman driver what a fucking
lunatic it's not as if she had to
reverse it into New York
I don't know about you London I get
terrified flying at the best of times
because you never know how reliable or
durable the condom in your stomach is
gonna be do listen to the safety
announcement on your fly you've got to
otherwise you're not gonna know where
your whistle is when a maniac blows you
out the fucking sky
take that Isis
for all the fucking good it does the
crash position might as well be that
hope we don't die
there's my I mean the bad news is when a
747 crashes all blows up everyone dies
dude the good news is you don't have to
listen to the safety announcement
there's really no point
you're never in a bar the night after a
plane crash so with a friend go nuts
awful isn't it you read about that 300
people what a terrible thing one awful
way to go
how shocking some of the bar never goes
plane crash couldn't help overhear you
know I was in one of those that's fine
thank you
more no cuz I was sat like that so the
fireball went round me guy next to me
though decapitated she don't fault
really
you know the tray table down what was he
open for no no 3,000 miles from land
right the middle of pacific gear no
their family straightaway about 10
minutes how
has anyone ever made the right amount of
pasta
that's my little toe in the water of
observational comedy I'm not really sure
if it's for me obviously if I was any
good observational comedy you know I
probably get five minutes of fun out of
that you're on your own um is anyone
here gluten-free the Auckland pretty fun
fact for you it is possible to be gluten
free and shut the fuck up
no one cares oh I don't like spending
too much time with my girlfriend's
family because her husband is getting
suspicious
my girlfriend was in the park doing one
of those race for life things why say
race for life she was fleeing a rapist
it's how we met I tend not to get
heckled that much anymore used to get
heckled along I got him
haha
that was properly Tourette C well plays
people with Tourette's what makes him
tick
um but genuinely I like it when people
join in it shows I got the best heckle
of my career last year at someone else's
show I went to see someone another
comedian up in Edinburgh my friend Nick
helm and I got heckled out his show
there's not what should happen that is
what happened and I was starting the
backed about 200 people in the room I
was sat the back trying to stifle my
laugh I've got a weird laugh I laugh on
an in non out so instead of going haha
like a normal human might I go ah ha ha
ha
weird right ha ha ha ha
too weird honking goose of a laugh ha ha
ha but if I know I'm gonna be laughing
and I know who's gonna be laughing at my
friends show so we start the back and I
was kind of repressing my laughs was a
closed mouth and sort of keeping it
locked down I was mm-hmm-hmm-hmm it
sounded like someone had smuggled in an
owl but they're all was for the first 20
minutes just out the back very quietly
mm-hmm-hmm-hmm about 20 minutes into the
show he did a song on stage I found
hilarious at a proper full-on laughing
fit
oh it sounded fucking mental
sounded like a seal gang finger-blasted
is what it sounded like a Nick just
stopped the show and went alright Jimmy
I don't laugh when I come to see your
shows well with that in mind why don't
we have a proper heckle amnesty if you
would like to have a heckle this would
be ideal time not I look like I fucked a
pig you might still owe your mum money
as she annoyed
sorry ma'am don't eat coins on me your
partner thinks I'm too crude so if you
she's been brought along to the show and
it's not really it's not for her are you
gonna make it up to her somehow later on
maybe pop a thumb in her ass while
you're fuckin her Oh madam you can't
sing down any lower in that seat that is
as low that's as low as that when does
the comedy star it's a classic it's a
classic act all right what what's your
name sir like shoe rack you'll call rack
what where are you rack up there or down
there loving your work rack it's one of
those things if you don't think the
comedy started you're right and if you
think that comedy has died you're right
because it's very individual thing isn't
it and if the shows not for you it's not
for you I feel bad have you paid all
this money to come to see me and you
know think it's funny you've had a
disaster buy it suppose rack you have
learned a valuable lesson you've learned
life's not fair
you paid your money you takes your
chance sometimes it's a good show
sometimes it's not for you
but I'll give you another example rack
so you haven't had a wasted evening at
least you've learned something another
example of how unfair rack our society
is let's say if a man you're I say let's
say if a man sleeps with loads and loads
of women y'see he's a stud he's a player
he's admired in our society there isn't
an opinion that's fact if a guy sleeps
for loads of women he's a player he's a
stud he's admired but if a woman sleeps
with loads and loads of men she's called
racks mum
I'm fairly it's alright for me to say
that because racks mums not gonna be
here ashamed sadly no you're having a
laugh
it's her busiest evening she does a
special two-for-one this sort stage on a
Saturday night
imagine racks mum looks like a plaster
as radio
what was that rank my face is like a 42
inch widescreen TV in that it's very
wide
okay I just I've just said I've just
said that you're your mum's of
prostitutes and
and and you you just you just said your
face is wide then rock I don't I'm not
sure if you know how this works
tell you why it's wide as well oh oh
listen I'm any other angles would you
want more a heckle a heckle not
involving girlfriends mothers or sex
well where are you from sir let's do one
you're from Canada so you're an American
but you're not armed
ah the girl what Canadians or whenever I
meet a Canadian there was explained to
me there there are now I'm not an
American I get the same thing with New
Zealand and Australian people sort of go
no I'm not
Australian I'm actually from New Zealand
I think they're mistaking me for someone
who gives a fuck I mean are there any
Australians in what welcome back
you've paid your debt you've returned to
the scene of the crime
Oh Oh Donna someone over there hello who
the fuck is hello who what are you
making the fucking shining Oh Steadicam
I look fucking I look at my egos go out
of control but who are you filming him
I'm I mean I don't wanna be a dick about
it but I feel like the actions really up
here you're just filming a fat dude in
the second row okay fine what do you
mean oh he's got a mirror in his house
he fucking knows or fun fact for you
your girlfriend's got two cunts she sat
next to one of them isn't she
I'm sorry I called you a come there I'm
terribly so I'm sure you don't have the
depth or the capacity to give pleasure
I went to a proper showbiz party
recently and Brad Pitt was there and
they say never meet your heroes but I
think Brad handled it really well a lot
of people think cooking your partner a
meal is the most romantic gesture you
can make the least romantic gesture if
you're interested is this on my birthday
a very lucky man on my birthday my
girlfriend likes to wake me up with oral
sex last year I nearly suffocated
now last year on my birthday my
girlfriend gave me the bumps or is there
more commonly known genital warts you
can tell a lot about a woman from
looking at her shoes for example if
they're behind their ears she likes you
when a man changes his status on
Facebook from single to in a
relationship I think it should say under
new management now some couples are
there couple thing if you share all the
couples in the room hello to come Sorry
mate
that's all rub it in isn't it Oh Oh some
couples are very free and easy with
their bodily functions they don't mind
their partner being in the bathroom
while they're taking nature's call of a
morning their partner could be brushing
their teeth while they're taking care of
business I think we all know what I'm
saying and there's a name for those
people they're called
fucking animals you disgust us I've got
some advice for the men in the room okay
I'm gonna keep this simple because men
are inherently simple creatures
gentlemen I just say gentlemen never say
fanny fart it's a good example of your
joke Tourette's not everything in life
needs to be a little joke actually a lot
of ladies very self-conscious when they
do a muff puffs the last thing they want
is you making a joke about their massive
cunt grunt
if anyone here to watch embarrassing
bodies to fabulous piece of television
do you play the game when you watch
embarrassing bodies so we play a game in
our house so when people come into the
embarrassing bodies waiting room with
their medical problems before seeing the
doctor we pause the TV and try and guess
what is up with that for this girl this
18 year old girl pretty little thing
came in and sat down in the embarrassing
bodies waiting room we pause the TV and
try and guess what the problem might be
we could have been there all week we
would have got it she was having surgery
on her nunny on on her vajayjay her
twinkle cave her peachy pocket and the
thing was there was nothing the matter
with her cunt perfectly healthy piece of
equipment she was having get this
cosmetic surgery on her ha and me and my
girlfriend pause the TV we went what the
world's gone man
that isn't a medical problem that's a
psychological problem if anything that's
a societal problem that a girl's
self-esteem could be that low at that
tender age that she feels she needs to
go under the knife in order to live up
to some idealized version of what she
thinks her general should look like
because she's seen something online
that's crazy that's body dysmorphia and
they shouldn't be facilitating that kind
of madness on what is normally a very
socially responsible show yeah so we
unpause the TV and as soon as we are
it's a very visceral program so they cut
back to a close-up of the most intimate
lady garden bathing suit area and both
me my girlfriend agreed we both said
will that need fucking fixing like a
badly Packer bad who has not like Mayo
and chili sauce what the fuck
I thought I'd never see one I didn't
like shut a fanny like a kicked over
trifle apologies to any ladies in with
Fanny's like kicked over trifle
it's quite rough from here on in people
scrappy
um are there doctors in I know there's
no so so they're doctors and nurses give
us a shout all of you Oh quite a few of
you man the thing that impresses me
about doctors is not what should impress
me it's not the fact that they can save
lives that's what should impress me know
what impresses me about doctors is their
ability not to recoil in terror don't
just look at stuff every day they look
at stuff and they go oh it's a bit it's
a bit whiffy it's a little bit gamey I
could I can smell that in my eyes we're
gonna try and help you with that whereas
your I would go why the fuck you show me
that you're monster throw yourself off
something
I'll stir doctor we sure got chatting to
this doctor I said uh I said what's the
thing that's made you want to recoil in
terror the most in all your years of
doctoring right and I thought we'd have
to think about it straight away he came
back he went a 95 year old vagina I said
I've seen one of those it was on a
30-year old Scouse girl it's not the
years it's the mileage innit
oh if you're watching this in America
for Scouts girl read New Jersey I've got
a question for everyone in here who here
has had bad sex who's not saying cuz
they're with the person that had the bad
sex with if you have had a girl cry
during sex
that's a weird thing I suppose women are
more emotionally engaged with their
physical being that or the balaclava
scared er should we talk about the weird
shit people do sexually correctly shall
my ex-girlfriend used to like to be
choked during sex I'm 90% sure we only
tried it once if anything I was too good
at it
have you all heard of the donkey punch
the donkey punch is where you're having
the fun greek-style bum sex anal action
with a lady yeah and just as you're
about to finish not ejaculate come we're
all clear just as you're about hmm
you won you punch her in the back of ed
now now I know that sounds crazy I mean
edica professional will tell you when
you punch someone in the back of the
head all the sphincters of the body of
which your bum is one all the sphincters
are on lockdown they'll go whoa the fuck
was that whoa like a submarine locking
of compartments whoa no one in knowing
out what the fuck whoa that whoa is a
very fun way to end proceedings now
obviously you don't have to punch your
partner in the back of their head to get
that kind of result how long how long
have you guys been together five years
or a long term love and relationship
relations guys I'm so sir just turn let
your partner in the eyes and say later
on when I'm fucking the house would you
mind clenching the sphincter of your
anus just as I'm about to ejaculate just
have that have that conversation now
just
where you go you're right not to say
you're 100% right not to it's even after
five years in the loving relationship
with a beautiful woman
it's still too awkward a conversation
take your chances I don't know much
about women but I know this it's easier
to get forgiveness than permission
The Seagull you're heard of the seagull
it starts well and ends horrific Lee
there's a pattern emerging here I'm sure
you realize so this is where you're
making love to a lady on the beach yeah
so everyone's melted away at the end of
a lovely summer's day you find yourself
under the moon and the stars on the
beach so so far so good
you decide to be spontaneous and make
love to your partner fantastic
the seagull is where you whip it out pop
it in the sand and then stick it back in
I know it's cool the seagull because she
goes ah ha haven't missed any one other
kind of craziness have we heard of what
was that angry pirate angry pirate
double that's okay that's when the
lady's going down on you and you decide
I'm not having enough fun I need more
fun in my life
so that just as you're about to finish
you pull out coming out I noise I see it
it's like a trick shot and then she gets
up to deal with that situation what's
going on there you then kick her in the
shin and what you're hoping for is the
are
any others what are the sexual waiters
have heard of the spider-man is a thing
so that's that's fairly vanilla that's
when you're behind a lady a key to the
operation you're behind the lady and
you're working your magic and then she's
facing that way that's key you pull out
cash women are inquisitive creatures you
want to know what's going on what's
happening about their spider-man
there's a Spider Man there's also a
Superman the Superman's where you come
across the lady's shoulder blades grab a
sheet pop that down and then you're
hoping when she gets up she has a cape
so this is spider-man Superman there's
also a Batman I was doing a show the
other night and the blow on Batman so
what's the Batman
you went kill her parents
teenage boys masturbate a lot nothing to
be ashamed over when I was a teenage boy
either sock called the dreamcatcher
[Applause]
we're all familiar with the danger won't
guess very much the preserve of the
teenage boy it's where you've taken
matters into your own hands use some
hand to gland combat you knock him on
out having a wank but you don't just
want the sexual gratification your sort
of return of excitement some adrenaline
pumping through your veins
so mid wank you call for someone in the
house you do not have a sexual
relationship with and then try and
finish said wank before they arrive the
classic of course mom mom and then
trying I mean obviously can end in tears
you could end up glazing your mum like a
donor should shall I just leave the
phrase glazing your mum like a doughnut
hanging in the air I've loved it so much
internet porn the virus my computer has
is HIV we had a proper serious grown-up
discussion about pornography recently
and my girlfriend said what some of you
may share the sentiment she said I don't
get porn why would I want to watch two
people have sex I said two people they
lost me has anyone here ever looked at
porn online I really about 15 people or
what a statistical anomaly you are it's
always looking at some gentleman special
interest material recently on the
internet and this ad popped up for a
penis enlargement cream I thought well
I'll read on I'm not buying a fucking
Algie um
basically said Rob this cream on your
penis and it'll get bigger I thought
well I'll stop you there
rub your penis without the cream he'll
get bigger back in the nature of robbing
and penises they bloody love it second
thing if this stuff actually worked
wouldn't the guy in the after photos in
the advert also have massive hands he
did not I got in trouble for a joke last
year now I don't mind getting in trouble
for a joke if it's worth it if it's like
a really edgy joke I got in trouble for
a joke that's so mild I said I said
deafness is getting to be quite a
problem for me and I never thought I'd
hear myself say that we've got like 50
letters of complaint from the National
Association of the Deaf and why I want
to know is who told them I said it was
sorry
would they listen I got talking to a
North African girl in her native
language for hours we just clicked
fucking anthropology jokes I've got it a
whole haha I was gonna give you some
advice
ladies and gentlemen lil bit of advice
if you get bitten by a dangerous dog
like a Staffordshire Bull Terrier any
dog whose jaw locks when it bites you
what you meant to do is stick a finger
how can I put this politely up the arse
now key thing I was not made aware of
it's got to be the dog's ass can't just
be a passerby you like the look of all
your own sharks sharks are twice as
likely twice as likely to by a woman as
a man so gentlemen if you're swimming
with a woman and you see a shark here's
what you do
you punch it as hard as you can on the
nose and you throw it towards a shark
here's some advice women aren't meant to
go camping when they've got their period
because what's the point in taking you
if you're not going to fuck us
to joke they're actually worried if
you're menstruating and you go camping
you might attract a bear and then bite
its fucking head off for no good reason
it's basic bear safety as well it's
basic their safety days later I'm and
pretty much my show um oh there is there
is a collection after the show it's not
a charity thing it's not for my taxes
we're actually raising money for a sex
change operation for my brother I don't
wanna go into too much in the way of
detail suffice it to say it is the
ultimate practical joke he's gonna wake
up the day after Easter to but the
terrible hangover an amazing tits it's
gonna be huge
now shall we try it that sort of stage
of evening it's late on right should we
try some rough stuff
if you drink or smoke during pregnancy
you can lose the baby it's worth a shot
before you splash out another abortion
thank you video I'm not made of cow
hangers a mine
that's divided the rumors net there's
people that thought it was funny and
then there are good people um I get away
with murder in jokes I think cuz they're
so clearly jokes feed-line punchline
laugh possibly oh oh but it's so clearly
a joke it's not an opinion I'm not
trying to change your mind about
anything I'm just trying to make you
laugh but actually my dirty secret is
sometimes when I'm at home writing jokes
of a day I look back at what I've done
and I'll just go well that isn't
transgressive all taboo or edgy that's
just wrong
that's just a hundred percent wrong and
then another bit of me quite a big bit
goes funny though if we're going to be
fancy about it's cognitive dissonance
it's two opposing thoughts in my head at
the same time I think it's wrong it's
funny is it okay to say something that's
a hundred percent wrong if it's funny
enough will you say that but it's not
like a hundred percent wrong where
you'll go oh what you like cheeky you
much more likely to go should we give it
a go
okay if I was to say to you it's about
language being boring if it's about
anything
baabs just say to yours with a girl and
she was really aroused well firstly you
might be surprised secondly bored that
is a boring way of speaking I was with a
girl she was really aroused boring but
if I was to say to you I was with a girl
she was wetter than a spastics chin
that's the only difficult thing about
doing comedy is to know where to draw
the line right it's difficult to know
where to draw the line I've got a friend
of mine whose father has Parkinson's and
I was I was chatting to him and his
father I was around that there's having
tea and they asked they said well what
can you joke about what can't you joke
about would it be okay for example to
joke about Parkinson's and I was like
[Music]
it's quite funny when I say it when his
father tried to retell that joke to his
mum oh there - any evening this evening
by doing a joke in solidarity with the
good people of Charlie Hebdo I don't if
you're aware of them they have a
satirical magazine in France and they
tell jokes and because they tell jokes
some people that couldn't take a fucking
joke shot them it's terrible I'd like to
do a joke in solidarity with those guys
for the end of the game yeah whenever I
see footage of a mosque can anyone else
feel the tension in the room whenever I
see footage of a mosque oh this one's
also for you Andres the Christian I like
to think of myself as an equal
opportunities offender I don't care who
your imaginary friend is
I think it's all pretty fucking
miserable whenever I see footage of a
mosque on the news or in a documentary
everyone bowing their heads to pray it
looks to me like they're playing a
massive live-action game of guess who
and someone's just said does he have a
beard
for stopping Jimmy Carr thank you very
much in danger tonight
you