good well you seem more excited than me
and I've seen the fucking show good
manners are disappearing when I was a
lad it was considered polite to tap a
lady on the head before ejaculating I
know you know why kids wear their
trousers slung low with no belt it's cuz
they're dicks true story
I attempted suicide once came pretty
close killed the guy standing next to me
so I was a golf it's what he would have
wanted whatever my girlfriend says
fucking men I always think yeah that is
the alternative sorry tosser right just
a rat just tosser yeah you know you're
in fucking Glasgow don't you where
someone paid you 2250 to tell you to
fuck off
oh not fully boots
on average in the Northern Hemisphere
January is the coldest month of the year
but if you were an Australia you'd be
surrounded by cunts
any Australians in welcome back I tell
you why there's no women's boxing the
way in the fight would happen then and
there per square inch of head people
with red hair have 750 fewer friends
than normal people
are there only redheads in
figure more ifile look away my partner
recently lost 11 stone while say that I
left her that care a lot of people like
to smoke cigarettes after sex but you
can't buy cigarettes
until you're 16 so I have to get them
for both of us
you think it's wrong are buying a 15
year or girls cigarettes you think it's
wrong I'm fucking her I'm kidding
kidding does sound like a verb for child
abuse doesn't it I'm kidding
are you joking or touching kids women
say they want their ideal man to be the
outdoors type the kind of man there
enjoys long walks in the countryside of
women say they want their ideal man to
be the kind of man
they'll take control the kind of man
that's not afraid to take a few risks
basically what you're saying ladies is
your ideal man is a rapist and it's true
if you were a rapist you've got pretty
much your pick of women
it's funny cuz it's true
well I thought I kick off with some
jokes Glasgow not fuck about too much
I'll pause for breath and say hello how
are you this evening Glasgow are you
well what can i angry mob well I thought
we'd kick off properly we're in a
beautiful room the armadillo in Glasgow
bloody marvellous I thought we did we'd
start things properly
yeah because everyone's dressed up so
Saturday night let's start things
properly let's have a round of applause
for the ladies several yeah that's
probably enough looking round some of
them have made no effort
you've made in there for a via Oh
blessing Mungo no lie I saw you comin
there's all I haven't made much of an
effort well there's some cameras and
some fucking lights I don't know what
you had in mind some all I could come to
you work and not the sailors cocks out
your mouth is it
seems like a very weird thing from a
tough-looking man from Glasgow to say oh
you've not made much of an effort I
thought you'd be dressed up prettier
it's a little bit Prison Rape coming for
you sir feels like my point there's an
incredible amount of pressure on women
these days to be beautiful and thin and
all I can say is we've got some very
brave girls in here this evening
terrific stuff so there are some
stunning looking women in here this
evening and some white dogs you know you
are I'm joking
no one in here is stunning so right to
make those kind of jokes in comedy
because no one really minds because
occasionally some 100 year comedy it's
the new rock and roll
if fucking isn't I'll tell you how you
can tell comedy isn't rock and roll
there's no comedy groupies
there's groupies in rock and roll
there's no groupies in comedy what girl
is so into comedy she's gonna come
backstage and suck me off
or might be a premature end to the show
have her washed and brought to my room
I'm joking don't wash you seriously know
what girls so into stand-up she's giving
our backstage and sucking me off just so
she can go that tastes funny it's a very
fun job this is all night do for a
living Glasgow I travel around the
country I find large groups of people
with sort of the same sense of humor as
me and then I tell them jokes for the
evening so lovely thing to do means I
get to go everywhere any any Irish
people in oh if you know that money it
sounds like sounds like the roads in
Glasgow very nearly finished
I was in obviously in Dublin recently
doing a show and I was there with a
friend hanging out in Dublin for the day
what could be finer and he dared me to
say this at the end of the show so right
at the end of the show I went Dublin I
don't know much about Irish politics
that was pretty much their reaction a
couple of thousand people going I bet
you fucking dumb no I said I don't know
much about but he dared me to do it so I
had to say I said I don't know much
about Irish politics I just think we
should have one Island United they were
on their feet in Dublin this guy is
alright and then I added one island
united under British rule they weren't
fucking spastic any Welsh people in any
world just one we seem to have contained
the problem
I'm loving the Welsh I really like every
time I go to Wales have a lovely time
the people are very friendly but I get
annoyed every time I go to Wales know by
the people but by the signs all the
sides and Wales have you been there all
the sounds road signs tourist
information shop signs every fucking
sign has to be in English and Welsh
everything English man watch it's
ridiculous because it costs a fortune to
do and only 5% of the population of
Wales can read
well I like to think of myself as an
equal opportunities offend that we've
done the Irish wit on the Welsh and his
gosh people in imagine my surprise
he's a question for you my Scottish
friends if you were a homeless alcoholic
Scot and you had Tourette's how would I
ever know
so he was rough in England I was there
recently and I didn't realize it was
going to be rapper Nottingham I didn't
realize this Nottingham is the gun
capital of Great Britain tell you what
Nottingham needs sheriff
it's quite a silly joke there any scale
Susan well there's a few there all right
hide the scousers
you well know what what do you do for a
living
oh sorry if we go you're a scouser there
for a second I apologize every time I'm
not having a girl Liverpool I'm loving
the scousers it's a great place to do a
gig it's got this it's got a similar
feel to Glasgow in terms of people heck
or quite a lot they join in they're
quite up for it a nice sense of humor
loving the scouts crowd although will
say this about Liverpool Liverpool is
the only city in Great Britain where JD
sports as an evening wear department
they've got fucking bridal shop can I
interest madmen enough white tracksuit I
always make a bit of an effort while I'm
travelling around the country doing this
job I always make a bit of an effort to
do the accent of wherever I am and I
think generally people take that pretty
well they like the fact you've made a
bit of an effort but sometimes people
get chippy if you don't get exactly
right how did I come up to me I was
doing indeed in the north of England but
this guy came up to me after the show
quite aggressive yeah he said I don't
think you've got any fucking respect for
this town try and do the voice we don't
even fucking saw either not bad I said
no you've got me all wrong I love
Newcastle I've got a friend that going
to an argument with a barmaid from
Sunderland long story short he ended up
calling her a fat ugly Geordie cunt
and she said I'm nor Geordie nor Geordie
sorry that's a terrible accent but it is
how they talk
I'm always impressed when I'm traveling
around the place I came up on the train
and I'm very impressed with anyone that
came down on the train maybe some of you
can do this
can any of you get on the train in a
year I have to ask easy the right train
I'm unable to do that whenever I get on
the train I've always got to find
someone who looks like a grown-up to me
go is this Roy one is this the one
burglars go and we all know the answer
cuz we've all been asked but I Ted like
me the answer is always hope so hope so
I've started doing on planes
Oh a nun holiday recently and they told
me on holiday yeah in the hotel but had
special stuff in the swimming pool that
turns the water purple if you pee in the
pool so I didn't pee in the pool I
didn't realize they had stuff for shit
but they clearly did cuz they were onto
me almost immediately I told them it was
a brown shark they were having none of
it
I'm a fat vegetarian I thought well done
all that on salad you go girl
whatever I'm cooking I always make sure
there are vegetarian options they can
make do or they can fuck off
[Applause]
women ever governmen for overreacting to
man flu I think AIDS is pretty serious
near where I live in North London this
Hampstead Heath button if you've heard
of Hampstead Heath but there are toilets
on Hampstead Heath this parkland
that are notorious for gay cruising this
is where gay guys go in North London to
hook up with other gay guys of an
evening the toilets on Hampstead Heath
now I live near there here's my question
what happens if you just wanna piss your
bucket yeah you can laugh I found out
the hard way the hard ways not the
phrase to use there is it I've got lots
of gay friends and I'm sure there were
loads of gay men in this evening a few
certainly not around how they came in in
keeping it quiet in Glasgow well I've
got loads of gay friends I'm sure there
are some gay men in this evening how do
you decide who goes where in in a gay
relationship because when it's a man and
a woman you know what goes where and you
pretty much most of the time Partin
birthdays in Christmas
I was a good little nudge told you that
was normal but if it's to guys cuz it's
to guys easy like calling shotgun in the
car cuz I get annoyed if my friend gets
to sit in the front
I'd be livid if you got to Papi's cock
in my barn
how's the face I would do
do you know how to tell if someone's
Gary Velasco do you know to tell you you
know when you get a posh lady like a
posh ladies drinking tea from a cup and
a saucer and she'll do the thing with
her pinkie she did it delicious Morag
another scone
she's Scottish anyone should do the
thing with the pinkie when she's
drinking tea well if a guy does that
when he's sucking your cock gay why are
you sucking that like a poofy Amanda
don't get the wrong idea Glasgow I'm not
homophobic anyone that says I'm
homophobic can suck my cock as long as
he's not a fella cuz I as a natural
and I think I should be allowed to tell
these jokes because although I've never
had sex with a man I have fucked a girl
ugly enough to count as a man
my friend said that's Mira see my friend
Louise we were just chatting about
nothing and she went out of the blue she
just went I've never been to bed with an
ugly man I've woken up with a few so I
said to her I said I've never been to
bed with an ugly girl bye fucked a few
in car parks sir I should clarify car
park is just what I call the vagina
because of my name
you don't app at all happy with the
euphemism car park for the vajayjay I
don't offend anyone this evening I'm not
sure what they what the least of
probably the least offensive term
probably from bottom so from here on in
we'll call it a front bottom and a back
cunt
who's seen me before Glasgow who's been
out to one of my shows before yes well
you'll know I always stick around at the
end of the show and say hi to people
frankly the least I can do on a day out
I'm the question I always get asked I
get asked this more than any other
question after the gig people say to me
what's going on in your head but often
then I'm phrase it like that they'll say
what's wrong with you so I thought this
evening what might be a fun thing to do
is to take you on a little guided tour
inside of my mind I've done some
pictures to illustrate now I'll show you
what's actually happening up here oh yes
sorry I just know some people I've just
know some people wearing masks of my
face in what can only be described as a
fucking freaky incident well if you've
got a mask of might could you just hold
it up so can you turn that around just
so other people can see how fucking
freaky that is do you know what the old
thing about my is I was looking at you
for a sounds gown I looks familiar
that's something about hang on I'm
usually shaving when this happens
well thanks for fucking freaking me out
on the DVD record I really fuckin
appreciate your crazy bin what what's
your name madam plant and what you do
Claire depends on the guy probably it's
a one-night stand you let your hair down
cool what you do for a living Clint
you're a student ah
thus the free time to be making masks of
comedians faceless and who you here with
who's who's your friend she is she your
special friend she sometimes used the
mask and use the strap on and pretend
pretend you tuned in like normal people
yeah
sorry that's how I laugh if I laugh any
point in the show it sounds like Elmo's
being tickled or a seal is being
sexually molested well thanks very much
for making them our thanks for making a
fuss of me right I'm sorry I was gonna
say you want a guided tour of my mind
we'll kick off with some thoughts
that's me thinking all shooting it's
unclear from them not that I don't
really like the term shitting I find it
a bit it's a bit aggressive I prefer to
say growing a tail it's nice to be nice
isn't it right some thoughts for Glasgow
white van drivers I dunno they think
they own the road without flashing
lights and their sirens
who has been in accidents they're
fucking will be of course the thing they
never do on soaps is watch TV and that's
because they'd see all their dead
friends on the bill
have you just bought the aids folder
whenever I see a sticker on the back of
a car saying princess on board it always
makes me think of Diana
I would think don't upset Prince Philip
you'd be fine
I mean fucking killer don't give me our
time what superpower would I most like
to have I've given that quite a lot of
thought I think that's the sort of thing
men think about koala what superpower
would be best
I think invisibility would be the
coolest superpower to have and really
the question is if I was invisible what
would I do second I think we all know
why we do first let's face it if I was
invisible they think the ladies changing
rooms were haunted where's all this
ectoplasm coming from
something just tapped me on the hands
manners cost nothing
I have a lot of ideas and I'd like to
share some of my ideas with Glasgow this
evening yes like to share some ideas
with all of you good people I'm working
on a book at the moment I'm working on a
book it's about a zombie that comes back
from the dead but the twist is the
zombie is the good guy but apparently
it's already been done it's called the
Bible
it's annoying in there I've had an idea
for a TV show it's called Jim will fix
it it's just me spaying cats
the first guy that persuaded a blind
person they needed sunglasses he must
have been a hell of a Salesman
there's a lot of problems in the world
so I'd like to do a little bit of
problem solving every day try make the
world a slightly better place British
women as you ladies British women last
year spent two hundred and eighty
million pounds removing unwanted body
hair surely it would be cheaper and
easier just to move to Germany
if you're worried about putting on a few
extra pounds and you want to be ready
for next summer with your Beachbody why
don't you visit Somali and get some
fucking perspective there's people with
real problems you fat cow I've solved
another problem it's only a little thing
but little and often with problem
solving is probably the best way to do
it and I've invented a bird table for my
back garden it's three foot tall and it
saves a fortune on cat food I tell you I
think she team up neighborhood watch and
peeping toms it's a good idea isn't it a
marriage made in heaven
and it would add a whole new dimension
to the term curtain twitching whose
current switching could mean checking up
on the neighbors seeing everything's
okay or curtain twitching female
masturbation
I feel we've crossed a line at week
Alaska we've we've definitely crossed
the line
fuck
we've all got loads of facts inside our
head just something to do with living in
this internet age British people are at
least one inch taller than we were 20
years ago and that's because 20 years
ago we were all children
40% of people use their mobile phone to
cheat on their partner I use mr. tinkles
mr. tickle is just a silly name I've got
for my tummy banana most bingo winners
don't tell their other halves about
their windfall and that's because their
husbands are dead
there are 427 licensed professional
jockeys currently working in the UK if
you laid them all from end to end they
would stretch from here to here
an iguana can stay underwater for 28
minutes or longer
you don't mind dying
interesting little fact for you
obsessive Star Trek fans are known as
virgins
sorry your big Star Trek fan but you how
old are you two mind me asking you seem
like well sorry 20 right so definitely
not a virgin in Glasgow what what you do
for a living
you're a secretary nice in 1950 already
you seem a bit chippy
it is Glasgow sorry I'd love to chat
more but I'm the work
hey this Geo
and you go for that nice what a lady
let's talk about language I'm slightly
obsessed by language I spend my lifetime
where they're messing around then I'm
trying to you know write jokes for you
good people to laugh at a lot of people
don't like it when language changes a
lot of people don't like it don't like
Starbucks for example because what the
small medium and large is now tall
Grande and venti by like the fact I've
now got to talk
that's taken away a lot of a stigma
a lot of people changed the language
that they use so as not to offend so an
interest groups or individuals which is
fair enough you know touchy queers are
PC is ruin some things you can't say
fruit salad anymore it's now homosexual
salad which is mental because all salad
is gay
cooee you've got to be very careful in
how you express yourself because you
could be saying the same thing but if
you pick the wrong words you could cause
offence quite inadvertently I'll give
you an example I'll read you two
sentences
the first one is entirely inoffensive
the second one well it could be
misconstrued I know
heaven forfend but they both say the
same thing interesting I found they two
a hatch cut my face and I can only
partially remember the evening it's fine
isn't it much bad than saying I fell
into a bush got gash on my face and can
only remember snatches
dozen maternity maternity makes it sound
like you're going to be fat forever
and some of you will be
doesn't Nazi gold so like a Greatest
Hits
let's talk about fears our subconscious
mind that's quite an interesting area
isn't it yeah the best way to conquer a
fear of spiders is next time you see a
spider imagine it naked
has anyone thought like a morbid fear of
spiders like someone's going over there
your brother has but so that's kind of
you know what he's here it wasn't just a
random I've got phobia but my brother
has maybe you could help with that
what's your name sir Kyle and you speak
for him when you when you say your
brother
you're not from Paisley you're not going
out or anything
what you do Carl sorry nothing that now
she knew Carla and I just work shopping
were coming up with a new children's
character for Scotland
he's called nothing than now the
unemployed donkey what what do you do
for a living you are deployed hi all
right well good it was lovely having you
here especially in view of the fact a
lot of the tax payers paid to you to
fucking beer
yeah let's face it we're in Glasgow
there's a lot of people applauded that
I've never paid any tax in their fucking
hearts
hey there's tax on spirits isn't now
what I'd like to do Carl my gift to you
give something back to the community not
just put care in it I'd like to kill you
if yours first biters you up for this
like Darren brown style with sort of
hypnosis cure your first part is you
offer this fabulous story cuz it's
happening okay a matching Carl you're at
home in bed under the duvet as snug as a
bug in a rug and you're dreaming of
whyever unemployed people in Glasgow
dream on you know being on the social
forest a few years
fuck you know then I sign my name and
the check coming okay so you're saying
is you're in the most safe and secure
environment you could possibly be in
you're under the duvet safe and secure
more dreaming away a spider Kyle size of
my hand big hairy motherfucker crawls on
your face as you lie sleeping doesn't
wait your car you're still dreaming of
nice things
fuck fast and the like
just sit there for a while on your face
cars you sleep laser tags in your tear
ducts and scampers away to its enormous
giant spider nest under your bed where
it lives
you can check later if you like
till you wake up in the morning fresh as
a daisy
lovely ready for a busy day well your
await anyone
okay so you were you for absolutely fine
minutes morning that's what about a week
later you're sitting reading the paper
you know that's a weird itch a thousand
spider touch up your eyes if it's any
consolation it's only Carl the mother
Franklin D Roosevelt famously said there
is nothing to fear but fear itself
of course he's dead now killed by a
spider
I tell you what I worry about and I'm
sure many of you share my concerns I
worry about climate change climate
change or to give it its official
scientific name autumn do you know we
produce 48 percent of all carbon
emissions than we used to in the 1970s
but that figure could be halved
if you just divided it by 2 tell me what
I do really worry about I'm sure Kyle
will be thinking this is entirely
justified I worry about going mad I've
got a friend that went mad last year and
he ended up killing himself he took
everything in the medicine cabinet
choked on a surgical bandage that's not
how I would do if I was gonna kill
myself I know what I would do I don't
have you morbid class go I know how I do
it I would dress up a Superman and jump
off the top of the building how fucking
awesome with that baby and now we do it
at 4 o'clock in the afternoon during
term time
because you don't want a couple of
hundred kids going Wow Superman and then
won't father's 4 justice bring such a
harsh words I prefer to say when kiss
chase goes too far and what exactly is
aggravated rape one only did he rape me
now I've missed my bus on the positive
side at least with rohypnol there are no
bad memories
let's talk about childhood Glasgow yeah
childhood memories childhood thoughts
one in ten British kids has never been
to a beach in this country imagine that
growing up without ever having seen a
dead cormorant with a tampon on his head
when I was a kid I wanted to get a
tattoo but my parents said I had to get
it somewhere that didn't matter so I had
it done in Hull it's anyone here from
Hull doesn't matter here's an
interesting thing this is weird you can
have sex in this country when you're 16
but you can't buy pornography until
you're 18 that's an old law isn't it so
you can have sex when you're 16 but
you're not allowed to watch other people
have sex for another two years so if
you're 16 you can have sex just don't
look down
let's talk about faith and spirituality
an important part of our psyches I'm
sure you want to agree Christian saying
there may be Christians in this evening
Christians say Jesus died for your sins
be good
I say he's already dead fuck it what's
he gonna do get dead a Philly fucking
boots Maine
also if he died for your sins and you
don't do any sins you've made him look
her right con I don't believe in the
paranormal per se but I do have a spirit
guide well I say spirit guide you might
call it a sat-nav paranormal is actually
derived from the greek para meaning
you're not a normal let's talk about
travel yeah the main reason Americans
are there any Americans in for the best
the main reason Americans don't have
passports is they have trouble fitting
in the photo booth luckily they
developed Google Earth
more than 2.3 million households have no
one in full-time work which is a
convoluted way of saying there is a
place called Scotland
really good luck of course no Scottish
people are our colics a lot of you are
recovering alcoholics with drug problems
let's face facts Glasgow
if you squash ever find a way to
deep-fry whiskey you are fucked
interesting little fact for you
hopscotch was originally invented in
Glasgow by children trying to step over
their alcoholic parents
choose from me stoking about some dumb
things I see a lot of dumb things around
see a lot of dumb signs I was in a
supermarket I saw a sign it said buy two
get one free I only wanted one such at
the free one I don't a show off about my
showbiz lifestyle but I was in a Yates's
wine Lodge yeah I was in the Yates's
wine Lodge and I got talking to the
barmaid and I asked her how many types
of wine they didn't Yates's wine Lodge
and she said both
let's talk about some important social
issues there's a guy I work with and
every day he has what looks like fish
fingers I think he was in a fire
don't tell me that's too brutal for
Glasgow most domestic fires need just
for things to start a source of oxygen a
source of heat gambling debts and an
up-to-date insurance certificate
I hate people that make loud noise on
public transport particularly explosions
I got into an argument I said women have
a lower pain threshold than men she said
try childbirth I said I have how do you
think I go
you know the NHS is currently so
underfunded that couples wanting IVF
treatment to help them conceive are
being told to go and fuck themselves
remember dogs die in hot cars or a heavy
blow to the back of the head below just
as well
really that's the one with are you okay
I came home the other night my
girlfriend was dressed up as a french
maid very disappointed the house was a
fucking state
filthy slut
let's talk about love and romance and
sex let's talk about sex
Laska there's a very commonly held
belief that men think about sex every 7
seconds which I think makes talking to
your dad
creepy brish men spend on average 22
minutes on foreplay
of course they spread out to all of us
over the course of a year
women who read romance novels have twice
as much sex as the national average
while I say sex what I mean is they
yield the precious softness of their
silken female innocence to the crushing
firmness of his intent
I came over all Catherine Cookson there
it's not great phrase to use I'd be like
painting the fourth brich the average
person has two pounds of meat lodged in
their colon
so come on love
of course most people don't know this
but confetti you know confetti that you
get at a wedding confetti represents
fertility in the seed of man which is
quite accurate because a lot of it does
end up in the bride's hair
women have a go on men because we're no
good at multitasking but then you have a
goes when we piss in the shower it's why
we can't win
speaking of multitasking I had a
threesome last week my girlfriend is
pretty cool if she finds out about this
I'm in trouble I did have a threesome ah
no you're probably thinking here
probably you a girl and another bloke no
it was actually me and two blokes
[Music]
well that feels like it's quite enough
from inside my hu we leave it out for
now let's leave it there for now
Marvis right
you ever do this class coach you ever
get asked to do the washing-up and you
do it really badly on purpose so you
never get asked again you do that my
girlfriend does that with blow jobs
seriously her blow jobs suck and it's
not just me a lot of my friends of
commenters my girlfriend let's have the
lights on during sex she likes to be
able to read which I think is to be
encouraged in the girl of our age
I'm kidding she's actually scared of the
dog
that divides people that doesn't it some
people like the lights on top you always
have to have the lights off I like the
lights on during sex my best mate lights
tap the lights off and fair enough his
missus is a pig my girlfriend and I we
do a little bit of roleplay in the
bedroom I pretend to be a swarthy
Italian lothario and she pretends to be
asleep she gets pretty into as well
sometimes she's there for seven or eight
hours
I'm actually quite conservative
sexually I tried S&M; once why Sauer
tried S&M; I punched a girl who's in the
long term relationship gives a sheriff
you're in a long-term relationship yes
okay well you'll know as I know in a
long-term relationship it's all about
compromise it's about finding that
common ground because if you're not both
happy neither of you can independently
be happy no one's happy when the other
half has got a face on oh yeah so you
got to find that common ground he's a
good example of compromise from my life
this happens a lot in our house I want
to go out for the evening here night ow
she wants a romantic night in so as a
compromise we go dogging
we don't I suggested having sex outside
once and chillin
what if someone comes I said we'll go
home okay I got a question for the men
of Glasgow okay you're representing the
men of Britain this evening okay I've
got a question for you gentlemen has any
man in this room ever used the phrase
making love no no of course fucking
notes purely to preserve the ladies
ladies love that phrase making love
making love making love but you know why
it's called making love it's because
we're gonna make you doing love thanks
very much
I got stopped by one of those charity
muggers you know the ones with the
clipboard in the high street and you
think I've dodged him and then there's
enough art they work in teams I don't
know how they do it anyway I got stopped
I cornered he said can I have a word
about the homeless I said certainly lazy
off you fuck
I was in London and I saw a homeless guy
with a dog on a piece of string classy
look for homeless guy and I was walking
by and the homeless guy said could you
spare some money for food and my friend
said eat the dog then we'll talk even I
thought I saw I'm joking I didn't truth
be told there was no friend there I said
it
I've just checking to see you thought it
was funny first I do a lot of gigs for
people less fortunate than me only last
week I was in Stoke for those of you
know sort of the the English equivalent
of Dundee are there people in from
Dundee there's some girls in from Dundee
that's good cuz I've got money for chips
and I wouldn't mind sex
I have other girls from Dundee applauded
that just the oh yeah you're going here
for chips chip water so so do my
impression of me seducing a girl from
Dundee
these
[Applause]
[Music]
okay marvellous now listen this is what
the show is about at all but I was
briefly gonna tell you about a thing
that I'm doing at the moment means a lot
to me and you can take a moment of your
time
I started a little charity just a little
thing of my own and it's going great but
I I didn't want to put anything up on
big screens or put any leaflets out or
anything in the program I was just gonna
briefly tell you what the charity that
I've set up does and then if you want to
get involved you could just google it
but it's not really what the evenings
about the evening is just about having a
laugh but I thought I might just sorry
I'm littering on now but you could just
look it up on Google if you wanna get
you know I just sayin you know cuz I
don't well you could be proactive rather
than me sort of forcing it down because
people get bored of her okay
what we do is we we send obese children
to the rainforest
I don't mind you tittering because we're
already seeing fabulous results and if
you want to be power by its feed the
Tigers calm
their faces light up not the children
obviously definitely petrifies although
it's quite ironically funny seeing them
try to run away
he's a village for cardiovascular now
you should have thought that when you
were waddling to Greg's you fat fuck
flooding flooding spree bad I saw a
woman on the news in her flooded front
room crying I thought crying
funny thing you'll make him as worthless
I am committed to getting young girls
off the streets sometimes it's just for
a half hour but it relaxes me I won't
agree for relaxing so I'm not sounding
very charitable oh do you do my bit
you know I've created a foundation for
battered women it's really thick to hide
the bruising
[Laughter]
Swit domestic-abuse is still a real sort
of taboo subject is that people don't
like talking about domestic abuse and
ironically that makes the problem much
worse because the charities that deal
with domestic abuse their problem is a
problem of communication because the
woman that they're trying to reach and
communicate with the battered wives as a
very women that won't shut up and listen
tragically this is the only language
they understand
I don't know what is that's like the
lied from the wisdom Hoss
I would last a fucking day in this city
would I so I know there's a degree of
civic pride in Glasgow because diversity
abuse was invented right here wasn't it
around the turn of the century well done
we salute you
Oh fun day is Domestic Violence day it's
not a thing
there's a woman there just going what
sorry just tell me that again
oh so one Rangers play Celtic it's the
day for domestic abuse I fucking love it
that you've got a Dyer eyes
so anyone have this recently has anyone
made an appointment with the doctors
recently I find up for an opponent of my
doctor and I've got an appointment in
three weeks time that's good I'll have
to be better or dead but then they gave
me option B they said well you can come
down and see the locum doctor it's not
your doctor it's just our doctor we've
got down there and if it's serious you
can come down and wait so that's why did
I went down to the doctor surgery and I
waited for like four hours and
eventually I got called into the little
treatment room with the doctor walked in
there stunning-looking doctor I mean
properly ten out of ten
absolutely gorgeous exactly my type I
when I'm embarrassed she said I'm a
professional you're a grown man just
tell me what the problem of this so okay
I think my cock tastes funny
I don't know if you got a test for that
I've had an idea weird the gender
stereotype in that joke isn't it like
the idea that 101's a doctor most people
imagine a man that's very odd cuz we all
know there's loads of female doctors but
if you're honest when I say doc did you
imagine a man yes
it's wet I wouldn't it is even worse if
I say nurse do you imagine a woman says
I assigned the overactive imagination
there yes I mean like a proper nose not
like a stripper in a pub they want to
say nurse do you imagine a woman yes but
we all know there's no two male nurses
although it's not pronounced male you
didn't call them male nurses
so she pronounced male nurses
no I don't want offend any male nurses
or indeed your boyfriend's just not that
one in good I'll never forget what my
granddad said to me I shit in a bag
please kill me
a great way to warm up pensioners in
winter is cremation do you know you lose
50 percent of your taste buds by the
time you're 75 so it is okay for your
Nana to live on cat food my Nana my
mum's mum used to make me a jumper every
Christmas to anyone else out that she's
made me a jumper every Christmas much
better than the ones in the shops no new
it isn't imma borniche you maybe this
burgundy monstrosity sleeves way too
long and in the front she'd embroidered
blacks go home I said I'm not wearing
that
it's Burgundy
and the sleeves are too long
you're crazy racist or my girlfriend
recently had a phantom pregnancy and now
we have a little baby ghost sweet joke
is it's not hurting anyone and that's
why every time I tell that joke I kick
your Tramp even things up karmically
who's got kids your kids sure you got
kids okay I've got kids what I've
adopted but it's the same and it
it's a family what fostered but Isis a
Sutekh there's a bit of paperwork it's
nothing sponsored sponsored child
watched our child it's a panda but it's
a donkey
I didn't sponsor again but half an apple
through a fence that always gets the
same reaction it's always the woman
going that's not the fucking same and
the bloke going have you good as long as
I don't have to see a fucking photo of
it
a lot of men used moisturizer by Maul
fashioned I just spit on my hand what do
you think we're talking about oh come on
don't give me that look we've all been
there
come on love the film starts in ten
minutes we've got time for your fancy
foreplay your expensive lubricant we're
going to be buttering the baking tray
the old-fashioned way
[Laughter]
ironically buttering the baking tray is
the phrase that will stick so you've
just given him a look as if to say I
thought you invented how does he know
what we do flavored condoms does anyone
in here had any dealings with flavored
condoms a few of you the girl from
dundies thinking I thought that was one
of my five a day
another banana lovely my point on
flavored condoms is they are a waste of
money
okay turns out my girlfriend doesn't
have a sense of taste in her front
bottom or back cunt which is just as
well if you think about it
all don't think about air I feel like
I've been up here long enough I can open
up a little back and share with you
Glasgow to see I can share yes my
girlfriend has fallen asleep during sex
before that is embarrassing that is
awkward but as awkward as the time she
woke up during it
hello love you're a pearly yeah I was
just getting over the little bear sex
I'll make a cup of tea when I'm finished
I'll help get rid of the taste
yeah no it's worries I've seen no don't
it wants that's pretty much the first
half on my shoulder gentleman but it's
mainly me talking in the first offer any
questions so far anything else you'd
like to know yes I'm gonna presume all
the questions are for me they've got not
been to Starion arrogance although
there's something about my name in this
town Jimmy just sounds right go on
what's a question
[Music]
yes I think if I'm not mistaken that's
one of victim Stein's theorems you chalk
off his mom
I'm not from Perth so I may never have
to make that decision fucking up you
sound like you come from a very broken
home I'm not suggesting you fucked your
mum but only because you wouldn't want a
to time your sister
why do I laugh like a sexual predator I
love the way that the sexual predator
sounds Betty in your accent than any
other sexual predator
III don't know why I laugh I that it's
one of life's mysteries in the same way
as why you dressed as a gay lumberjack
like big thick logs yeah
how BIG's my cock I'm not sure whether
your mother would be comfortable
discussing evidence
truth be told it's quite small but it
smells like a big one
[Laughter]
well sorry where's the weirdest place
I've had sex
he's mom's pop classic I'm joking of
course it was his dance
any other questions sports why do I know
my Hitler nein nein nein
[Music]
what hotel well it's quite a partial and
so I'd like to be your place
by tokine now they'll let you in they've
got policy on that sort of thing
and even though I'm not paying you it
looks like I'm the best audience without
being sort of you know sick of fan take
sir without sucking up to you he said in
a very patronizing manner it's pretty
good I mean that's why I'm recording the
DVD here but the cameras move on
the reason I'm recording the DVD here
the first time I ever came to Glasgow to
play at the stand comedy club I got on
the back of a taxi yeah and I said
because I wanted to make a reference to
where was rough in town so I said excuse
me driver was rough in Glasgow and he
said for a you everywhere
and then I was on stage later that night
here on stage and I told that story on
stage and all I said was I thought this
was a comment that was beyond any kind
of argument all I said was Glasgow is
quite an aggressive town and I cannae
down the front when nor fuck it is near
no hint of irony no I fucking his name I
thought this place will do for me do you
all night drink some sweets yes do you
sometimes get annoyed paying regular
prices for sweets do you wish you could
pay two or three times as much for
exactly the same Maltesers because if
you do you are in luck we're about to
have an interval and this venue is about
to rape you I'll meet you back here in
20 minutes for more jokes eh
do you ever get that thing where you
walk into a room and you totally figure
out why you've gone in there you just
kind of go oh what am I meant to be
truly in there
[Laughter]
you can't people or dog people would you
say cat people to dog people cuz to me
it all tastes the fucking same people of
restricted height some of them don't
mind being called midgets but they hate
being called Dwarfs some of them find
the dwarf hey being called a midget so
what are you gonna do what I do as I
call them all Oompa Loompas none of the
little fuckers like that idea
are there any midgets in I mean I
haven't seen any but then that's part of
their charm they could be I don't know
down on Dwarfs
that's probably got over their heads how
could I stoop so low
life's too short well just cuz you're a
midget doesn't make me less of a person
truth be told I fucking love dwarves by
never tell them that I love them because
I don't want them to get big-headed
a lot of people say women get more
attractive after a couple of drinks but
I think they lose a lot of their charm
vomiting and pissing in the street
welcome to Glasgow they just put speed
bumps outside my local school Wow pretty
sure is a speed bump I'm 90% sure of the
speed bump with a satchel I make my own
vegetables I've got hammer
he's do wrong Glasgow you be the judge
is it wrong to call the disabled seating
area of a theater the Cabbage Patch
double amputees you gotta hand it to
them but they will drop it if I lost
both my arms I probably just shrug you
off I don't I was due I was doing a gig
on this tour I was telling that joke and
there was a guy thinking why you're
saying right down the front there
missing both his arms when he laughed at
that joke but then if he had I noticed
he wasn't applauding you know that
moment when a girl locked eyes with you
across a crowded room and says yes your
honor
I saw a headline in the paper it said
rapists strikes I thought what does he
want better pair conditions
he's outdoors in the park
he's on flexi time talk about your job
satisfaction what have you got unionized
sex offenders now what do we want gay in
the van when do we want it get in the
van
women ask weird questions all the women
in my life have always asked weird
questions my girlfriend said to me
recently she said which of my friends do
you think is prettiest well that's what
she said what I heard was I fancy a
fight
I don't know much about women bye no
there is no correct answer to the
question which of my friends do you
think is prettiest there's nothing I can
say that she'll go oh good there's gonna
be trouble so I thought well I might as
well be hung for a sheep as a lamb so
when she asked which of my friends do
you think is pretty as I said or Karin
is pretty but Susan does that thing with
her tongue talking during sex Glasgow
where do you stand on talking during sex
I think this should be very strict rules
on talking during sex rule number one
don't rule number two and those are the
rules
my girlfriend talks during sex I don't
mean sexy dirty filthy talk I'd love
that that'd be awesome
no she says the most mundane she you've
heard in your life
mid-coitus that means whilst fucking
the thing you do for chance I'll give
you an example okay so a couple of weeks
ago we were making love
I'd made her do it love we're about
halfway through while we're nearly
finished
truth be told that she didn't know that
I was in double action and she said well
I'll leave my keys I said well they're
not in your vagina chickie bomb
she said you will not snow one's
birthday hey so I've come up with a way
of dealing with this okay I could just
say to her could you not say mundane
things during sex because it sort of
kills the mood for me sort of ruins it
you know kills the moment I could just
say that but I'd be literally no fun at
all so what I'm doing is work she says
to me no matter how mundane whatever she
says to me during sex I try and make it
sexy set myself that challenge it's a
lot of fun I'll give you an example she
said to me a couple of weeks ago while
we were she said the Recycling's
government tomorrow well more accurately
she said the Recycling's government
tomorrow so I said the Recycling's not
the only thing coming tomorrow
yeah I'm gonna separate your paper and
plastic doesn't really mean anything
that's my sexy voice by the way I've
kind of gone for a 1970s blaxploitation
New York City voice cuz then you can say
things like I'm common if I just use my
voice I've just gotta go I've arrived
has anyone heard anything more mundane
than that during sex what's the most
mundane thing hurry up
hurry up those are these chips account
Oh
any others what was that one rather cold
today cool today I
that's like small talk our bus station I
suppose we're in Glasgow could one have
happened in a bus station
oh yes
any others is it in yet so if you said
to this boy here this but there's a man
covering his eyes now well she hasn't
personal your boyfriend I'm sure you
don't limit yourself to one but you've
said to a man is it in yet yeah but
you've said that to me you've looked a
man in the eyes of God is in is it in
you down the check and you've got no
feeling in your vagina whatsoever so
without well hang on just making eye
contact with me without looking down can
you tell if there's a cock in you now
what was you one migrans
in hospital you were fucking someone and
they said to you my grands a toss ball
oh yeah baby tell it like it is
yeah I'm gonna break your hips any other
mundane things during sex there's the
ice cream van
did you start going out with him when
you were quite a lot younger well
there's the ice cream van most natural
thing in the world I had one the other
week I came in with his wife he'd be
married like 30 years and she does it
set him and she said she said it okay
she said to him during sex she said now
I've got your full attention let's talk
about those curtains I wish I'd been
here more would have gone curtains look
fine another one that comes up a lot
you're boring me which my response would
be yes I am
hmm I don't know what they says about us
as a nation but one that comes up all
the time from audiences is change
channels are we having sex with the
television on people change I think if
someone said change channels to me I
think what I would know that we're
talking about the television but I would
be very tempted to go thanks very much I
don't mind if I do
of course the classic is a sealy needs
doing
hopefully knowing that voice to which my
response would be yeah I'm gonna fill
your crack
gentlemen if you're in a long-term
relationship you'll be familiar with
this conversation it's the conversation
that happens five minutes after you
think you've gone to sleep you know that
what I mean
TVs off lights are off books are down
everyone's washed their teeth you're in
bed no no I love you love you
night-night
five minutes after that just as you're
Justice you're drifting off into sleep
the most insecure voice you've ever
heard in your life
out of the darkness if we broke up would
we still be friends I said what do you
mean still
I bought my girlfriend some lingerie was
her birthday and she hinted at the stuff
she wanted so until I think was an agent
provocateur for these fancy kind of set
of pants and brown stuff well quite
right so she was quite impressed she
opened up on her birthday morning she
was really kind of into it she went oh
these are beautiful darling but they're
not my size
I said don't worry about a chat with the
woman in the shop and she says you can
have an operation
I know how to lose some weight in the
last year it's a very sad day for any
man when his girlfriend suggests he
comes on his own tense
even on that if you ever mixed up a fat
person and a pregnant person
it's embarrassing isn't it especially if
it's a fella had a fat girl come up to
me recently after a gig while say a fat
girl Shuji the fat of 18 months pregnant
she was big Papa Li you might say not
with an effervescent personality that
filled the room no shaped like a bobble
she was a comfort eater I don't mean she
was eating for emotional comfort she was
eating till she was comfortable to sit
on she wasn't a size zero she was a
shape zero
anyway she came up to me after that was
she pretty much surrounded me and she
said you don't mention used the term fat
I said you're not meant to eat cake for
breakfast you're not meant to deep-fried
Mars bars and gravy isn't an energy
drink and if I can't say that cuz I
wasn't using fan the judgmental way I
was just just purely being descriptive
onstage I was using the word fat
apparently I can't use the word fat now
if I can't say fat what term does she
prefer chunky-monkey bobble snob fatty
boom Botti blubber no and if you were
offended by any of those terms how about
a salad not distressed at but a little
bit upset the term real woman
I should really like the term real woman
it meant have voluptuous full of figured
curvy beautiful buxom plump lady you
would say she's a real woman does me not
anymore does it real woman is now
euphemism for chunky monkey wobble slop
you say she's a real woman when you mean
she's a really fat woman
she's dangerously close to being two
women have you ever fucked a girl so far
you think he might count as a threesome
and I tell you when you know you were
the fat lass when you find yourself in
the throes of passion thinking it's that
poodle wrong
I'll keep it a lake just to be sure a
lot of people think horizontal stripes
made them look fat no what makes you
look fat it's been fat
the only horizontal stripes making you
look fat the ones in viennetta lasagna
and sponge cake had a fat girl come up
to me after a show couple of weeks ago
very nice girl she said I really enjoyed
the jokes buying the fat woman how do
you think I feel I said squidgy
I was asked recently Glasgow bar like a
proper publishing company proper
publishing company said to me do you
want to write an autobiography and I've
given it a little bit of thought I've
made some notes and I thought we might
go through the notes this evening and
see whether we think it's a good idea
for me to write a book just out of
interest if I wrote a biography who here
would would buy it well it might just be
worth one you never know your luck well
I've been asked to write it so I thought
I'd make some notes obviously my first
thought when they said you want to write
a biography was well I wish I'd kept a
journal but I never kept a journal
because I'm not fat golf girl
the first thing you got to talk about if
you write one of these kind of cash in
on your fame biographies you've got to
talk about being famous you know has
Fame changed me know I've always been a
bit of a cunt
[Laughter]
it's a very old thing being famous I get
this thing happened now we're about once
a week someone account to me in the
street and go I know you from somewhere
do we go to school together and I've
just covered there's no way to say to
another human being no we didn't go to
school together but do you own a
television without sounding like a total
fucking arsehole what sorry is that boss
now that's water you probably heard of
it
[Music]
who's the most famous person I've ever
met
well I'm not on ones matter the it's
quite an impressive one I don't want to
show off but you know you know you know
no you know how villages have got idiots
yeah I met the idiot for the whole of
Glasgow
one of the biggest counts in the world
yeah
and you married him
[Laughter]
guys again that will only happen in
Glasgow you call someone a car than
their wife goes yeah oh don't I know
fuck here now and yeah recording two
hours go be fine
give me big advantage to being famous
acai seer is if I ever get Alzheimer's I
want to be absolutely fine if I ever
forget who I am I'll be fine because I
wander around town for the day people
are costly going all that should we come
oh no no Jimmy come don't count so if I
forget my identity I because do you
reminded the downside to that is about
5% of the time people get it wrong I
think I'm Alan Carr so about once a week
at end up back at the care home sucking
off an old fella
oh don't really like here
Nokes let's talk about my looks well
could be worse it could have been a
pop-up book looking at me you wouldn't
think I was voted the fourth sexiest man
in Britain and you'd be right
I wasn't people often ask how do you get
the Jimmy Carr look well do your mother
drink heavily during pregnancy sorry
mate no offence I do look a little like
Roger Federer and a lot like Ian Beals
daughter from EastEnders
you know I wish that wasn't funny I wish
that didn't ring true but sadly it does
doesn't it it's an odd thing being on TV
being onstage in front of all you people
it makes you more vain than you should
otherwise be I'm a number 37 year old
man I shouldn't be vain at all I realize
you can't polish your turn
but you can roll it in glitter can't you
so you do the best with what you've got
and I was trying to make the best of
myself you know try and you know dress
while and present myself worth it only
ever leads to embarrassment vanity um
the first time I did a room this size in
London my older brother came to the gig
yeah I was like looked up to my older
brother came to the show came backstage
afterwards he didn't say anything about
the performance he just went are you
wearing makeup and to my eternal shame I
went no it's tinted moisturizer
I realize now I couldn't have sounded
dare to him with two cops in my mouth
let's talk about my career I've got a
terrible boss self-employed I'm
currently on sexual harassment charges
of course on the other hand you are
looking at employee of the month how can
I explain what it's like you know you
will pass like an electrical goods store
and they've got all the TVs in the stall
hooked up to one camera and you kind of
do that weird thing of waiving yourself
as you walk by and there's an odd moment
where you go well I don't want to stop
waving because I'm still waving that's
what channel four is like for me I'm
like their fucking screen saver and for
the moment it's just stand-up in TV for
me my acting career has been put on hold
and that was a decision taken by you the
British public
yeah a lot comedians that I started with
now got to Hollywood to make movies
which is great you know well done them
but there's something called loyalty and
there's something else called a lack of
talent to know offers just know it's
detached can you watch just keep a
little bit quiet for a second I've just
noticed there's a man over there that a
pit in a blue jumper I think he might be
asleep if you could just keep quiet
around him just shush shush all fatties
woke hello you having a fucking weird
dream on you I wouldn't fall asleep
again some something very bad will
happen I was getting a teabag
sounds like you want to be the very
popular Jonas what's your name
Steven you have to have a little faint
mode in you Oh what do you do Steven
you're a footballer who do you play for
strand rah
he's a footballer he plays for strand
rah
okay I'm fucking shit at football as
well mate don't worry
strong run is that five aside is it you
got a full team wonderful well I bet
you're all great kicker you lazy fuck
try and pay attention it's not like
people fall asleep when strand rap like
oh no I gone that's a bad analogy lazy
fucker I've noticed a trend in
publishing just the last couple of years
the more depressing the childhood
segments of the book the better the book
does the better the biography does
people love reading about kind of
horrible depressing childhood so I've
had a crack at writing a heartbreaking
childhood memoir which wasn't easy for
me because my childhood was actually
fine I was in a lot of fights at school
why not a lot one and it wasn't a fire
it was a debating society
I was watching still don't fucking mess
we were poor but we were happy I
remember every Sunday morning you could
hear my dad banging away trying to get
some life out of the old boiler
then he'd give up go upstairs and fuck
my mum I simply adored our pet dog patch
but one day my parents called me in and
told me the patch had been called away
to the giant potato sack with bricks in
it in the sky four weeks out wasn't
changed I wasn't given proper food
someone stuck the TV on in the corner
and I just laid there in my own filth
god I loved University
the other thing I've noticed with books
is like anything with the spiritual
element always does brilliantly look at
the Bible that's still the bestseller
even though they give it away in hotels
I guess you could say I haven't found
Jesus but then I think Jesus should try
and find me he's omnipotent I'm on telly
out tough that make a fucking effort
Christ well Christ make a fucking FAI
works either way I'm cynical about
religion I'm not a cynic I do believe in
other things I'm willing to believe in
aliens for example I mean if aliens
don't exist then who was it that
abducted me at the age of 13 and
transported me to a room full of weird
flashing lights and subjected me to a
terrifying rectal probing well that's
right it was the guy that ran the youth
center discount
the thing that put me off
religion was I was raised Catholic any
other Catholics in it's a weird thing is
that like Catholic school if you've got
a Catholic school sex education is very
odd say for education they don't want
kids to be told about sex they want to
show them the Catholic Church are we the
only kind of contraception they seem to
approve of is fucking young boys
granted you're not gonna get him
pregnant one of my teachers was very
sexually repressed he used to take you
out on the kids one thing stuck in my
head he was responsible for the worst
phrase in my childhood you know
sometimes something bad happens and then
someone says something and it just makes
it ten times worse right it was already
bad about 60 of us my whole year went
swimming big swimming regatta thing when
my friend Anthony got an erection
that's embarrassing was a bad situation
the teacher didn't make any better by
pointing out said erection in case
anyone had missed it and then describing
it as wait for it
nature's thumbs up
it is weird the stuff you remember when
you look back like I've sort of made
some notes about my childhood I thought
I'd be able to remember the stuff they
taught me how an oxbow lake is formed
how World War one started here the stuff
they teach you at school I can't
remember together I don't know what this
says about me as a person by remember
with total clarity the day Matt came
into school and told us all he could
suck his own cock I remember clearly
because he told us how he did it he said
he did it by falling backwards into the
bath
[Laughter]
I remember at the time thinking there's
an accident has gone terrifically well
most people laughing about just one man
down the front give me a look as if to
say have a bar flare on mom dad I've
just opened a path why isn't the water
running no reason it's an interesting
area I think sexual awakening isn't it
for a biography that's always a good
chapter my uncle actually taught me the
facts of life I can't tell you what they
are because there's a special secret
between me and him to say I can't say if
I tell you my mum or dad will both die
when I was about six I was given a doll
but I remember the doll's name I just
remember the game was you have to point
to different places how many times
happened
did you not have that game journalist
much one of the things that's holding me
back from writing an autobiography is
the fact that if you write one you've
got to talk about your private life in a
very public way and it changes the
nature of celebrity and makes you into
more of a sort of tabloid celebrity so
I'll just dip my toe in the water I'll
talk about it a little bit try and get
used to it my girlfriend is without a
doubt the most beautiful girl I could
get our cut of the chase on this people
always ask have you ever cheated on your
partner well yes it's it's happened is
nothing that I'm proud of but well it
was last Christmas and I've read all the
Trivial Pursuit questions before we
played
and then I fucked her sister which if
anything made it worse she's forgiven me
now though she told me recently she said
I'm fine good I thought it was weird if
she was crying so I said what's the
problem and she said if you don't know
I'm not gonna tell you so I guess she's
organizing some sort surprise party I
thought it'd be romantic to say my
girlfriend back to where we first met
but she said don't make me go back there
mr. Jimmy I'll cook I clean I be better
I worry about that joke is that just
raised eel a sysm oh you'll raise your
latest snow as an accent it's fine don't
cry
I get asked what's the secret of comedy
gram no one's got a wife and two kids
doesn't leave this room people ask me
what I'll do if I ever run out of jokes
well I could always write an episode to
two pints of lager people see mild
mildly sort of upset I always ask what
did you do before comedy well I used to
work on the oil rigs off the coast of
Aberdeen I did as a male prostitute I
knew I knew you from somewhere
[Music]
never forget a face all the back of
someone's head I often get asked what's
your pet hate well he doesn't like it if
you put things in his bum who can resist
accounts bummer
it's like a tower holder from the 70s
they're strangely alluring right I tell
you what I was gonna I was gonna talk to
you about this this is a question on
this tour that's come up more than any
other from audience members yeah what
order would you do girls allowed in most
men in this room have given that
concerted thought even though we know
it's never gonna happen we want to be
ready just in case
in case we ever get a knock on the door
from the five girl saying I want you now
we want to be able to say come in ladies
the rotors on the fridge
I can explain myself Cheryl first let
anyone Cheryl first I find her the most
attractive so I definitely want to get
that one done and let's face facts I
might only have one in me five is not
gonna happen
be honest guys five is never gonna
happen
but like every man in this room the only
time I've ever wanted to have sex twice
is before I've had sex once
the ladies know what I'm talking about
you've all been over-promised - I'm
gonna make love to you all night long or
until they get sleepy let's see which
comes first
I came no no I would have the ginger one
in the room all times stop me going off
early Oh Cheryl I'm just about oh we're
back in the game said he will go any
other questions this evening anything
else you'd like to know why do I get my
suit I get all my clothes from high and
mighty it's not to do with my size or
shape
it's my attitude
[Laughter]
this is actually a suit for an eight
year old giant questions how much money
am I making from this gig well I'll put
it in terms that you'll understand sir
hundred what age did I lose my virginity
it was the 20th century I lost my
virginity I was 26 now I realized
there'll be grandmothers in Glasgow
thinking well that can't be right no I
was 26 why I tell you why it was 26
because I was Christian growing up I had
an imaginary friend
that I used to talk to I know it sounds
mental now but I did so that was part of
it but partly I wanted it to be special
what not special but consensual and then
I got to 26 and I thought how much is
the train ticket to Dundee
any other thoughts what sorry
what's my favorite song I would say
probably Sweet Caroline where it began I
can't begin to know it but then I know
who it's growing strong then spring
became the someone who don't know they
can walk so I could have just go on
there touching hands reaching out
touching you
touching me Santa
sweet
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I like that and also like baby got bat
by Sir mix-a-lot I like big butts and I
cannot lie you other brothers can't do
now I come back events the best way to
impress a woman is to complement her as
in core you're a fast runner you nearly
got away
we all know that no means no what does
it mean when they shout help
means the gags come loose
two things really annoy me you know when
you buy stuff and it comes in that super
hard plastic you cannot get a start on
do you know the stuff I mean you and you
end up tripping your tooth and then you
go and get scissors you'd never dream
again the scissors first do you think
I'll tie my teeth ah and then the worst
thing is when you bought scissors and
they've come in that stuff
that annoys me fat and genocide backseat
drivers they're all the same why are we
going into the woods please let me go I
tell you what I love love love love and
I bet you all love it too
I love the snooze button she loved the
snooze fun love the suit coz after eight
hours sleeper tell you what I need and
that strange but true isn't it I wake up
in the morning I'm more tired than when
I went to bed the night before I wake up
thinking I'm exhausted how tiring is
sleep I need ten minutes just to know
the edge offer
have you got pets whose got pets yes I
can't have sex if the dog is looking at
me those big eyes looking up as if to
say who are you doing
and that's why
I didn't fuck her talk we made love I'm
a typical guy love all sports Pilates op
Scotch conquers you name it
I need creaky fans in interesting fact
about cricket cricket was invented at
rugby public school when some boys were
playing football and one of the boys
forgot the ball and they're all standing
in a field nothing happened
I like the developments that have been
made in curricula over the years
initially there was Test cricket that
takes five days of your life that you
don't get back to play then there was
one day cricket a vast improvement then
twenty20 only takes three hours to play
I'm looking forward to cricket 1-1 and
ultimately cricket fucking zero where no
cunt place tricky because it's fucking
boring
the Paralympics thanks what sports would
be about did you watch the Paralympics
when it was on in Beijing inspirational
or inspiring global event about three
people saw it would appear I don't know
how to describe it to people that didn't
see the Paralympics it's sort of like
the Paralympics it's sort of like a
children's book where all the broken
toys have a picnic
well you can off the high moral ground
if you didn't even fucking watch it I
had a favorite event and all the events
are interesting I think because you're
watching sports that you've seen before
sports where you've taken part in done
in a different way because they're being
done by disabled people so you're
getting kind of a different angle on it
different rules yeah so they're all
interesting my favorite and you've gotta
promise me look this up if you if you
think I'm making it up google it when
you get home and have a look on YouTube
treat yourself it's awesome Paralympics
the blind football okay so they get a
normal I know lot you'll give up strand
rah okay so what they do in the blind
football at the at their Paralympics
they get a normal football normal
standard-issue soccer ball they put a
bell in the ball and blind people play
football their spatial awareness is that
good they could tell where the ringing
is find the ball I only find it kick it
and score a goal how fucking awesome
that and Team GB got silver gold want
some kittens I don't know how they go
into the stadium presumably no on sue
and now was an unfortunate incident when
the referee blew the whistle for the
final time someone kicked his face off
I shall be aware I'm very comfortable
talking about disability on stage
because disabled people apart by
community power by societies of course
they are but also disabled people are
the most patronized group within society
everyone patronizes the disabled it's
like a national pastime here's a good
example for you if you've got any
building in this country with more than
four storeys there's a limit on the
number of wheelchair users that can be
in that building any one time because
wife there's a fire there's a fire throw
a motherfucking window what's he gonna
do break he's back again what's he gonna
be double paralyzed
[Music]
yeah about Dave he's been double
paralyzed it's pretty bad he's got going
around in two wheelchairs I heard about
a blind guy climbing Everest I thought
well done but what for the view
surely the great advantage of being
blind is there's no need to travel gara
thoughts for in a heat lamp you could be
fucking anyway speaking of which I'm
thinking of starting a charity sending
blind kids to Disneyland Wow telling
them
no it's not the same but my dog my dog's
gone why he's lost an eye and he's got
what the vet records he's got about a
30% peripheral vision in his in his
remaining eye who thinks I should get
the vet to put him down no canal is if
you'd wanted to live you would have won
the fight with a badger
a lot of men like it when the collars
and cuffs match but I wouldn't want to
date a bald lady
I took your while to get apparently
women like chocolate because it
stimulates him in the same way as sex
which I think goes so much towards
explaining the popularity of the chunky
KitKat
I've never found chocolate to be an
aphrodisiac
if you only wear chocolate bars gonna
help my sexual performance is if I use
it as a splint or bait got friend that
took me to one side recently he said
what does it mean if on the first day a
girl puts a cheeky finger up your balm
whilst fellating you I said it means
there's gonna be a second ace
that's been a pleasure talk to you this
evening Glasgow firstly thank you so
much for coming out and to see the show
I really do appreciate it
couple of quick things just before I go
if you've never seen a Punch and Judy
show I don't to spoil it for you but the
man behind the curtain is a pedophile a
lot of people don't think pedophiles
should be allowed to live anywhere near
schools but it does reduce their carbon
footprint
fine don't think if you scared of
pedophiles grow up I'll be Jimmy Colin
thank you very much indeed tonight
[Applause]
thanks very much lies gun I don't know
if you realizes an audience what that
noise means to performance that simple
act of applauding it's everything you
work for as a performer but that noise
could drive you mental imagine if that
happen when you left work you finished a
busy day doing whatever you do with your
likes you finish work at 3,000 people go
fuck you go a little bit hello I'm very
special so to keep my feet on the ground
to stop myself going crazy I always
remind myself Glasgow that is less
applauding than any of you individually
would give to a waiter who dropped a
tray it's true though isn't it as our
best thing ever as a nation I love it
when you're away on holidays but you and
the South of France or Spain or wherever
of Birmingham but I love it when you're
away you can tell where all the other
British people are because when a train
goes over in a restaurant we're the ones
going you clumsy 15 but obviously it's a
family show I've noticed your thing I
don't have to see a lot of comedy shows
and I've noticed I think comics tend to
do their best stuff right at the end of
the gig and then they leave the audience
wanting more sounds good doesn't it but
it doesn't make any sense cuz you the
audience are left wanting more I'm a
comedian as fucked off that doesn't make
any sense so what I'd like to do because
I've given it some thought I'd like to
talk pedo this gig or some very
unpleasant jokes though will offend and
upset you all
and then you can all leave thinking
thank fuck that's over you're welcome
let's begin if women are so good at
multitasking is it too much to ask
tickle my balls why'd you work the shaft
half a joke half public service
announcements I often get asked are you
ever gonna get married I don't think our
people will get married I mean you can't
get married at 16 without parental
consent and that's not gonna happen
they still think she's dead
that's an unfortunate reaction because
that's only there to warm you up for
this one did you all read that story
about the girl that was kidnapped and
kept in squalid conditions for 18 years
did you read that story was I the only
one that read that story and thought 18
years in squalid conditions have a tidy
round make a house a home you lazy bins
say what you like about the make-a-wish
Foundation they can work to a deadline
[Music]
any words nothing bad happens it's not
like I've dropped kid two getting into
an orphans face once I did that once and
it was fucking funny but you sort of had
to be there
I think I'll sort out the credit crunch
I thought you'd be pleased no I thought
genuinely I think I've sorted out the
credit crunch you know what the problem
is with it with the credit crunch as I
as I layman's terms okay the trade to
turn over the cycle of business isn't
happening in the way it was because
businesses and banks and countries have
gone bust - no one trusts each other so
how are we gonna repair this how are we
gonna get things started again get that
virtuous circle up and running tell you
what we do we build a World Trade Center
I can see you sat there with your arms
crossed thinking that's gonna be a
fucking big building we're gonna have
two of them I saw the chief of the New
York City police on the news he said we
will never forget 9/11 I thought I
should fucking I'm not sure phone number
I do love doing these gigs I'm so glad I
recorded the DVD in Glasgow but the fee
these gigs just the fact that everyone
sort of shares a sense of humor that's
such a sort special thing everyone
appreciates as well
everyone gets a everyone in this room
gets the fact it's just jokes we're just
messing around trying over laughs
together it's just messy
you know these jokes on Who I am I'm
actually I mean in the real world I'm
quite generous or person so I realise
that makes me sound like a dead but you
know I'm quite a giving sort of person I
mean last year I donated a kidney of
course they wanted to know where I got
it from I know it's still warm
keep it I often get out someone else
earlier favorite joke or Rudy joke and I
got asked in Liverpool last year someone
said favourite pub joke's on my charity
at the end of the show so I thought why
don't by telling you my favourite pub
joke
it's quite a rude joke I think you all
know it was going to be fairly brewed
but at silly and then I'll tell you why
I'm telling it and I got asked favorite
favorite pub joke in Liverpool and so I
said Tom my favourite project what's the
difference between football and rape
girls don't like football
there's a textbook response Glasgow it's
a laugh
followed by err the interesting thing
for me is that that's not two distinct
groups of people there's not one group
laughing in another group going wrong
those are the same people that joke
makes you a little bit schizophrenic
because you don't choose what you
laughing I'm sure many of you have been
disgusted at what you've been laughing
at this evening but you don't choose
what you laugh at it's like a reflex you
just laugh and then another bit of you
kicks in and goes the fuck you doing
laughter that so I told a Liverpool it
got a laugh and then at and then there
was a pause and a woman at the back when
I like football
imagine that being your problem without
you she clearly had time to think well
we all like it rough once in a while
he's goes there but I also enjoy soccer
now I'm taking a stance well as I say
it's been a pleasure
performing I mean the reason we did the
DVD here his kisses sort of the one of
the best kids of the year I just I
fucking love it
just one quick thing before I go if any
more mods on altar graph or to say hello
after the show or to get fingered or to
have a fight
whatever you would like I'll be down
there in that corner I'm more than happy
to wait as long as it takes
thank you so much for coming out to see
me and I'll see you all again next year
thank you very much