nd here's where we keep the dog food
and you're a horse what do people do
that
people always shush animals they've
never spoken
I always wanted to live in New York when
I was a kid I'm so excited that I get to
live in New York
I saw New York City in a movie when I
was a kid it was called home alone -
lost in New York it is the sequel
it was the sequel to the movie home
alone I remember in that movie of a kid
in home alone - he gets into a stretch
limousine on Fifth Avenue with a large
cheese pizza and I thought this is the
hind of luxury now I live in New York
and on sites but that is a stupid movie
title lost in New York the streets are
numbered
would you get lost in New York I know
it's kind of stupid to complain about a
movie that came out 17 years ago but I
wasn't a comedian back then so I have to
do it now I wish I'd been I wish I'd
been a Def Jam comic when that movie
came out I would have pointed to Jesus
two months to New York it's a drip
system mother
where you went let me fuck it that's
where you want to go 30:56 I love it up
and went over you simple bitch
heavy man hid Jews
with these explosion if if I will give
us um comic when that lady Jeanette but
alas I was not
I think the bullying that young people
have to go through now in schools is
really rough I really sympathize because
I was bullied when I was a kid when I
was in grade school I was bullied for
being asian-american and the biggest
problem with that is that I am not Asian
America
when I was younger and this is
absolutely true people thought that I
might be Asian America I have pretty
thin eyes I had very thin eyes when I
was a little kid and I had straight
black hair that I wore in a bowl cuts
and from the ages of three to eight
people thought that I might be a young
Chinese person on the first day that he
met me the guy that is now my best
friend he met me the first day of
kindergarten
he went home that night and said Papa
today I met a boy with no eyes that was
me
kids would make fun of me in middle
school kids would call me a Chinaman
which of the racial slurs has got to be
the laziest that is just pushing two
words together no work was done there it
was very confusing to me because I'm not
Chinese none of my family is remotely
Asian I mean we take our shoes off when
we come inside but that was more of a
carpeting thing than anything else
here's how bad it got though I remember
when I was in junior high we had this
music appreciation class that we never
appreciated and they took us to hear
some classical music once at a symphony
orchestra so we go to a symphony
orchestra in one of these classical
pieces there's a moment where they bang
a gong and every time they banged the
gong all the kids sitting in front of me
would stand up turn to me and bow like
that
which is some racist ass both but also
incredibly well coordinated for a group
of 13 year olds 13 year olds are the
meanest people in the world they terrify
me to this day if I'm on the street on
like a Friday at 3:00 p.m. and I see a
group of 8th graders on one side of the
street I will cross to the other side of
the street because 8th graders will make
fun of you but in an accurate way they
will get to the thing that you don't
like about you
they don't even need to look at you for
long they'll just be like look at how
wasted man he got feminine hips and I'm
like
when I was a boy I was also confused
with a woman sometimes over the phone
because before I went through puberty I
had a voice like a little flute
I was once on the telephone with
Blockbuster Video which is a very
old-fashioned sentence
it is I was on the telephone with
Blockbuster Video that's like when your
grandma would be like we'd all go play
jacks down at the soda fountain you like
no one knows what you're talking about
you idiot you know how you talk to your
grandma so
I was on the phone with blockbuster I'd
called them a couple of times in one day
to ask about a movie and I called for a
third time I said I was just calling to
see if you had Addams Family Values you
and the guy had blockbuster went hey
lady I'll tell you when we get Addams
Family Values but look I wasn't offended
as a boy being confused with a lady I
was offended as a lady who's getting
pushed around by this chauvinist ass
that works at Blockbuster Video talking
to me like I'm some floozy I am a proud
asian-american woman
and it totally
it's wrong to make fun of people you
know but it's so fun sometimes I've
written for some TV shows and you know
on a major TV show you have to be
careful about what you say about people
because a lot of people get offended
where silat has been explained to me I
was once I'll tell you this I was
writing for an awards show once and I
got into some trouble I wrote a joke for
this war show that had the word midget
in it and someone from the network came
down to our offices and he said to me
hey you can't put the word midget on TV
and I said I sure would like to he said
no midget is as bad as the N word first
off no
no it's not do you know how I know it's
not I said to him is because we're
saying the word midget and we're not
even saying what the n-word is if you're
comparing the badness of two words and
you won't even say one of them
that's the worst word
I don't mean to complain about
censorship at all though because as you
probably have seen by now you can
basically say whatever you want on
television it's ridiculous you can say
anything you want and if you don't
believe me you should watch the little
program called Law & Order Special
Victims Unit because on that show you
can say the grossest things you've ever
heard in your life no you can't say like
the f-word you can't say that on Special
Victims Unit
but people walk around on SVU going like
looks like the victim had anal
contusions
looks like we found semen and fecal
matter in the victims ear canal those
are two real things that I heard on Law
& Order SVU at 3 in the afternoon
both spoken by ice-t
i stake is a detective with the Special
Victims Unit
he handles New York's most sensitive
cases
I love iced tea on SVU he is fantastic
he's awesome what's so great about him
is that he's been with the SVU for like
eleven years now but he still treats
every case like it's his first in terms
of total confusion in the middle of an
investigation
and ice-t will be like yo you telling me
this dude gets off on little girls with
pigtails like yes
he's a pedophile
you work in the Sex Crimes Division
you're gonna have to get used to that
you know how they try and tie in like
current events to every episode SVU so
there was this episode I saw a while ago
that was about sex addiction because a
lot of celebrities to come out as sex
addicts
so the episodes about sex addiction
there is a scene in the episode where
the other detectives are trying to teach
ice-t what sex addiction is and it takes
a couple of minutes
and finally ice-t gets it and they cut
to him in this close-up and he goes oh I
get it you mean like when someone drinks
too much or snorts cocaine or bets the
house on the ponies I was like yeah you
got a man and I was psyched that ice-t
understood so that they could continue
with the investigation but I could have
washed another four hours of iced tea
just naming examples just that close up
an iced tea like or like when someone
smokes too many cigarettes for like when
someone shops too much for credit cards
or like when someone plays too many
scratchy lotteries
or like when someone eats too much
chocolate cake
or like when someone eats too much
chocolate cake and that bar set up and
he would just keep talking and it slowly
fade out and say executive producer Dick
Wolf
[Music]
I also watched the so-called food case
files on cold-case files they solve old
murders and it's really interesting
because what I learned from it is that
it was really easy to get away with
murder before they knew about DNA it was
ridiculously easy like what was even
going on back then what was a murder
investigation like in 1935 one cop would
just walk in and be like detective we
found a pool of the killer's blood in
that hallway he would just be like gross
now then
back to my hunch
look for clues I'll tell you what we'll
do
well the trot shocked around where the
body is that way we'll know where it was
a couple of years ago I saw this movie
called Public Enemies with Johnny Depp
was about old bank robbers and stuff
here's how easy it was to get away with
bank robbery back in the 30s as long as
you weren't still there when the police
arrived you had a 99% chance of getting
away with it to the point that like
those old bank robbers they take credit
for the bank robberies like they come
running out of there and they're like ha
ha ha and if anyone asks you tell them
it was gold and gel with the Sagan's
gang they're like sheeps uh guns into
the side of the wall what we're bullets
free back then
and they don't even disguise themselves
they dress up for the bank robbery
they're rolling in there and like big
suits and hats like they're going to
church in Atlanta they make a day of it
I have a girlfriend now myself which is
weird because I'm probably gay based on
the way I act and behave I've walked and
talked for 28 years
I think I was supposed to be gay I think
like in heaven they built like 3/4 of a
gay person and then they forgot to flip
the final switch and they just set me
out it was like you marked that one gay
right it was like oh no was I supposed
to and they're like oh man oh this would
be a very interesting person to be a
very silly person
I was definitely gay when I was the
little boy a lot of little boys are gay
you know they're very flowy and they
have hard opinions on things
I don't mean that I was a sexually
active gay man when I was a little boy
that's not what I mean
when I was a little boy I was more like
like a 67 year old gay man that's kind
of over it sexually you know I was just
like an old queen I would come out of
the recess yard be like everyone get out
of my way I just want to sit here and
feed my Birds
the gym teacher would tell me to play
kickball and I'd be like you want me to
do why
[Laughter]
real quick I've just happened pretty
recently I was in a restaurant near here
in the West Village and I was at the
urinal and an old gay man came in the
bathroom with a walker like this and he
said this to me he went I'm either
having a drink or I have to pee
you all live in the golden years kid not
me like he spoke in rhymes it was crazy
he was such a weird interaction that I
wasn't sure if it actually happened I
came out of the bathroom and I asked my
girlfriend I was like did you see like a
old man follow me in the bathroom and
she was like John that bathrooms been
closed for 40 years
[Music]
where was I I'm I'm not gay but I might
be and I have a girlfriend and the seas
of Phoebus person
it's going very well I love her very
much and so a few months ago she was
like okay it's going well so now I
should meet your parents because that's
what people do when a relationship is
going well they meet each other's
parents and I've never understood that
I've never been with my girlfriend
adult-like
oh honey tonight is going great
but do you know what would make it
perfect Charles and Ellen Mulaney come
on let's get them in the mix we've been
going pretty hot and heavy lately I
think it's time we bring in two older
Catholic people
[Laughter]
my girlfriend's a female and then I had
all these friends that are female so
when I started dating her I was like oh
great
they'll all get along no
not even a little at the beginning I
don't want to make any generalizations
about women because I don't know about
women but this is one thing I've noticed
in my own personal experience is that I
think women can be friends with each
other but I think it can be tricky
sometimes when you try and force women
to hang out with each other I think that
sometimes doesn't work like I don't
think like you could never put together
a heist of women does that make sense
like Ocean's eleven with women wouldn't
work because two would keep breaking off
to talk about the other nine we're not
even talking to say weird
passive-aggressive things while they
break into the casino just be like oh I
love how you just wear anything
[Music]
my girlfriend's wonderful though I
listen to everything my girlfriend says
I don't mean she bosses me around I just
listened to everything she says because
before I had a girlfriend I never had
someone who's always standing next to me
who can just point out obvious things
that are happening
like we'll be in a restaurant and my
girlfriend will be like you ordered your
food an hour ago it should be here by
now
and I'm like it's like having a lawyer
for everyday life should be like the bus
driver shouldn't talk to you that way I
had no standard for how I should be
treated as a human being you could do
anything to me I was just like a young
Motown singer houses shiny and dumb and
easy to trick my songs where do I sign
mr. Barry Gordy
and now when I'm not with my girlfriend
you can still do anything to me I will
tolerate any treatment like I travel
alone sometimes you know and I'll put up
with anything you know like I'll book a
ticket on some garbage airline you know
I don't want to name an actual airline
so let's just make one up let's call it
like Delta Airlines
then I'll show up at the airport then I
go can I get on the plane now please and
they go now
it's delayed 9 hours
when I go okay and then I go to the
bathroom and then I come out of the
bathroom and I go any updates and they
go yeah we took off while you were in
the bathroom because we hate you but
take this meal voucher that doesn't work
go fetch
okay and I go over to the Wolfgang Puck
Express and I go can I have a sandwich
please and they go okay you're a girl
aren't you and I go no they go say it
and I got a little fat girl
go over to the Delta helpdesk which is
an oxymoron and I go can I please go
home on an airplane they go no in fact
we're gonna frame you for murder you're
gonna go to jail for 30 years and I go
why are you doing this to me and they
could because we're Delta Airlines and
life is a nightmare
but with my girlfriend she would just be
like let's see if Southwest has any
place
so it's better
my girlfriend is a Jewish woman which is
I did on purpose that sounded creepy I
don't mean like I got one I mean like I
I am NOT Jewish but I've always really
liked Jewish people I just like them a
lot and I really like dating Jewish
women they're great because like I think
a lot of problems that people have in
relationships who is communication
because guys don't know what women are
thinking and with Jewish women you do
not have to guess what they are thinking
they will tell you yeah this is gonna
get playfully anti-semitic so just
I'll get it
I really do mean this though I really
admire that the Jewish people in my own
personal experience have are very like
upfront with their feelings you know
they're they're very they're very vocal
about their thoughts and feelings and I
think that's really admirable
you know I am Irish and Irish people
they don't tell you a thing Irish people
keep it so bottled up you know like the
plan with Irish people is like I'll keep
all my emotions right here and then one
day I'll die
Wiress people don't want comfort look at
a sweater made in Ireland it's like a
turtleneck made out of brillo pads
I used to date Gentile women and I did
those girls you just stare out the
window all day long whoops rule you
wouldn't even understand if I told you
am I supposed to do with that my Jewish
girlfriend I don't have to guess what's
wrong she comes in the room and she's
like my stomach hurts
[Music]
then we can move on from there that's
what I mean she's very focused he's very
in the moment you know and that's a good
thing in a significant other she very
president Jews don't daydream because
folks are after him and they got to stay
sharp you know they haven't let their
minds wander since Egypt they just stay
sharp
you know who's that who are you
I'm Irish I keep things very bottled up
and I don't drink which is not what
you're supposed to do when you're Irish
I don't drink I used to drink and then I
drank too much and I had to stop that
surprises a lot of audiences because I
don't look like someone who used to do
anything I look like I was just sitting
in a room in a chair eating saltines for
like 28 years I walked right out here
now I myself I quit drinking because I
used to drink too much and then I would
blackout and I would ruin parties
so I would hear stories about myself
here's a story I once heard about me I
guess I was 20 and I was at a party at
someone's house and I blacked out
drinking and someone came out of one of
the rooms at this party holding like an
old antique bottle with some liquid in
it and they said hey is this whiskey or
perfume and apparently I grabbed it
drank all of it and said it's perfume
and it was
another story I heard about myself this
one happened in high school we had this
teacher in high school whose kid went to
our high school his name was mr.
McNamara and his son Jake McNamara went
to our high school he was a sophomore
when I was a senior so he was two years
behind me and mr. McNamara
was an ass and one weekend he and his
wife decided to leave town which you
should never do if you're an ass
and Jake McNamara decided to throw a
party at the teachers house and everyone
around town heard about it and we all
got up individually and thought okay
let's go over there and destroy the
place
I walked into this party everyone I had
ever met was there and everyone was
drinking like it was the end of the
world people were drinking like it was
the civil war and a doctor was coming to
saw our legs off
it was totally unsupervised we were like
dogs without horses we were running wild
I walked down to the basement they had a
pool table in the basement one dude took
a running start and threw his body onto
the pool table and broke it in half
another kid found out which room was mr.
McNamara's and went upstairs and took on
his computer
so the party was going great
I'm standing in the basement and I'm
holding a red cup you've seen movies and
I'm standing there and I'm holding a red
cup and I'm starting to black out and I
guess someone said like something
something police and in a brilliant
moment of word association
I yelled the police
the police and everyone else joined in a
hundred drunk white children
yelling police
with the confidence of guys who have
like already been to jail and aren't
afraid of it anymore
know that like I sold my nickel you come
and take me confidence
the reason someone had said something
something police was because the police
were there so a Chicago police officer
walked down the stairs and got to the
bottom in the basement and looked out
over a sea of drunk toddlers yelling the
police in his face
as he was almost address
and then he leaned into his
walkie-talkie and went get the paddy
wagon and my friend John who is now a
father this man now has a baby he
grabbed a 40 smashed it on the ground
and yelled stead
and everyone ran into different
directions we all ran in different
directions it was like that scene in
ratatouille when the humans come in the
kitchen and all the rats go in different
ways we all read in different directions
I ran into the laundry room and I jumped
up on the washing machine and I crawled
out through a window into the backyard
and now I'm running through the backyard
and there was this big chain-link fence
and I thought I've never climbed a fence
before and then I woke up at home
on Monday I went to school because
that's what we did back then and I'm
walking into the school building and who
do I see but Jake McNamara and he says
to me hey were you at my party on
Saturday and I said no you know like a
liar
and he said things got really out of
hand someone booked the pool table
somebody my dad's come here
but the worst thing he says the worst
thing is that someone stole these old
antique photos of my grandmother and my
parents are freaking out about it and I
had that thought that only blackout
drunks and Steve Urkel can have
did I do that
[Music]
I figured no I wouldn't have done that
but I was never sure until two years
later
I'm playing video games with this kid
named Alex that we also went to high
school with it's two years later we've
graduated by now
we're playing video games for a couple
hours and then alex says to me
hey c'mere I want to show you something
and he takes me into his bedroom and
then he takes me into a side room off of
his better never a big thing to have
and he shows me a tiny room that is
covered wall-to-wall in stolen antique
photos from different people's parties
over the years
and I said
and Alex said because it's the one thing
you can't replace
[Music]
that's the end of that story but how up
is that right that's crazy so I don't
drink anymore
I'm trying to eat better I was out to
lunch with a friend
and I got a chicken sandwich and the
waitress said to me oh you're getting a
chicken sandwich well that comes with a
choice of either salad or fries
those were the choices salad or fries
the two most different fruits in the
universe
that's like saying what kind of day do
you want to have do you want to be
active and go to the bathroom or
something do you want to lay on the
floor moaning chicken sandwich well with
that you can either go for a jog or
smoke crack cocaine oh if I gotta play
the crack for the table would you have
some you got a plate okay sometimes when
people order fries they act like it's a
little adventure you like should we get
a plate of fries for the table should we
do it she should share some balls they
got to make sure that everyone's on
board with it it's like if I get fries
you'll have a couple right
let's be bad come on let's do it all
right we're gonna take a plate of fries
beside a group of couples agreeing to do
ecstasy together
I've lived in New York now and sometimes
you see things that can make you anxious
you'll see troubling things out on the
street years ago I was walking down the
street and a homeless guy came up to me
and he walked up to me and he pushed me
like that he pushed me in the chest and
then he said these things in this order
he pushed me and he said excuse me I am
homeless I am gay I have a new wind town
you're gonna close with new intern
that is not the most dramatic thing that
you just said
as they say in the movie Jerry Maguire
you had me at AIDS
here's how I would have ordered those
things I've said excuse me I'm new in
town and it gets worse
didn't that guy practice his like bitch
shit all in the mirror that morning and
just figure out what he was gonna say
you know just like in the morning just
be like alright what am I gonna do today
I walk up and say hello new in town no
hope
save it
how I go work out some bullshit I have
to strong
okay
I will start with the fact that I am
homeless as that is a given
[Laughter]
then full backstory I will pepper in the
fact that I am gay which I know it's
tough for gay youths on the street but
that's not like a reason for money you
can't be like hey would you help me out
I'm very gay I'm like a few novel
I always loved how he phrased it by the
way he didn't say I'm living on the
street he said I'm new in town like it
was intriguing like he wanted me to set
him up with somebody look I have a
friend who's like this no single guys
left in Manhattan
like I know someone who's new in town
[Laughter]
just too anxious for a lot of things I
get very nervous all the time not even
about like major life things just like
about in everyday situations like this
is my regular speaking voice but if I'm
in a public bathroom and someone knocks
too suddenly on the stall door I go into
a whole different speaking voice which
is someone's in here someone's in here
if they're gonna be like I think there's
a carnival barker in there and someone's
trying to drum up business for a
carnival I decided to do something about
all this anxiety recently I decided I
was going to try and get a xanax
prescription I don't know if anyone here
is ever tried xanax is fantastic when
needed claps prisoners
you know really get lose small Rd
I didn't know how to get a xanax
prescription though drugs like that a
tricky sometimes but I talked to a
friend of mine and he said hey I did
this he said that he had a regular
doctor's appointment and at the end of
it he said to his doctor hey doctor
sometimes I get nervous on airplanes and
the doctor just wrote him a xanax
prescription and I was like yeah that's
the type of low brow I'm looking for
I'll take your advice friend I've never
listened to before so I go to a clinic
and I go in and I'm just gonna go in for
you know a regular type of checkup and
at the end I'll ask about xanax so I get
to the front desk and they have a why
are you here sheet and I want to pick
something that will get me in and out
really quickly and I look down and I see
frequent urination and I was like
perfect that'll be a super quick visit
you know I'll just be like hey sometimes
I pee a lot the doctor will be like me
too crazy right can I be like I get
nervous on airplanes so I checked off
frequent urination and I sat down in the
waiting area and I waited for three
hours I finally go back to the
observation room and oh in the
observation room there was a male nurse
standing there and he has a Batman
sticker on his stethoscope a Batman
necklace and a Batman watch he was kind
of moving around the whole time you know
he was just like all right I am too
blessed to be stressed let's do it what
are you allergic to besides work and
then he takes something any throw it
over his shoulder and be like beats
working like all of his jokes were very
anti work which is not always what you
want from the healthcare professional
the doctor comes in the room and the
doctor looks at my chart and he says oh
you're here for frequent urination how
many times a day are you urinating and I
tried to think of a number that would
warrant a doctor visit
so I said eleven that was too many times
to say
the doctor looks at me says you're being
11 times a day then you may have
something wrong with your prostate so
what we need to do some of you are ahead
of me
so I don't know exactly how he phrased
it but the gist of it was hey if this
visit is to continue I'm going to stick
part of my hand up your ass and I didn't
know what to say cuz I couldn't be like
no that's okay
I was lying it was a lie to get drugs
you need at the clam
so what I did was I pulled down my pants
and I walked over to the observation
table and I put my hands down on the
observation table like this and by the
way part of me was like whatever you
know you know those days when you're
like this might as well happen
[Music]
adult life is already so goddamn weird
so I'm bent over like this on the table
and the doctor comes up behind me goes
no no no not on your hands on your
elbows and he knocks me down like that
and this is so much worse than this I
don't know why I think it's that this
has like a little remaining dignity to
it you know what I mean
this is sort of like go stick it in I am
an American this is like you're leaning
over the edge of a cruise ship and
you're like ah we are approaching
Martinique
he knocked me down to my elbows and then
he stuck his hand in and you know
sometimes you're like I don't know what
most things feel like you know
you just quit kill now I did not know
what this was gonna feel like and this
was the actual sound by made I went but
I didn't say it like it came from my
vocal cords it is totally involuntary it
was as if a ghost had been trapped in my
belly and finally flew out towards the
light
and then
when he pulled his hand out
we let me know JT pretty well
so I'll phrase this as delicately as I
can I did not realize that when the
doctor pulls his hand out it feels like
cause the only thing that's ever come
out of your butt before has been he
pulls his hand out and I thought that I
was into his hand so I yelled

we didn't exceed you by the way for
those doctors and so far has had to deal
with
and you didn't even let me off the hook
you know anything like I don't worry
into my hand he just threw it away
there's a badge asked about xanax but
then he said I'd you prostates fine but
we still need to do a black