thank you please remain standing
you know this ring back so medical
memories last time I was here the
governor I met so come down here
presented me with the key to the Tony
Parker fittings that was very cool but
it's kind of her and Sakuma anniversary
for me tonight
this is a double anniversary this is my
27th year in the comedy business yeah
thank you remain seated and it's what 50
you're being funny so I'm excited about
that they're both really cool we're
gonna enjoy I guess I'm gonna do this
for I go any further let's move
[Applause]
I remember the first thing I ever sold
that I get her done on Florida get her
done condoms they were three sentences
here and here done but days they get her
done everyone my memory this is how they
say get er done in China already know
okay this is how they say get her done
in Nairobi I can't Google it
[Music]
that's added to being a crazy week for
me this week my grandma's on medical
marijuana and she broke her hip the
other day she tripped playing hacky sack
[Applause]
my grandma you smoke too much
fuck she goes how do you know how much
fun I smoked I said cuz meals-on-wheels
been my house eight times a day
[Applause]
I want to take my wife on vacation down
there to Cabo San Lucas Downard New
Mexico where Dell isn't I'm scared of
that damn Zika virus that mosquito down
now they say it's spread sexually how
drunk you gotta be to take the mosquito
home with it
[Applause]
how do your legs apart
[Music]
you'll punish them there later
I knew they were past now they're whores
I want to keep a buddy of mine in your
prayers he supposed to be here tonight
but he got bit yesterday by a brown
recluse not the spider the Puerto Rican
aprons I rarely comes out of this house
kind of come out Benny Mon the shoulder
and haul that back inland Tesla's wrong
with Carlos he's normally pretty
reclusive that fella right there I don't
don't you hate it when somebody says
that you look exactly like so and so
every time you see well you look just
like your son so then you find in me so
and so ugly a son bitch you ever seen
your young I look exactly like that
idiot makes me mad and Ronnie Milsap is
corn maze
that had me last week this made me
matter who's back in a hailstorm so I
didn't either I'm starving in the
waitress come over she says what do you
want to eat
I said what's wrong CDs you don't just
like to cook she used to be a twin
brother right kid with well let me see
him he comes back what I am nobody's
mongoloid I receive my entire line
cleaning the grill with this food for
ten years
biggest and I ever see your seniors hit
his driver's license was an eyebrow
making that
and I looked identical to him and passed
me out just with a little her head like
what do you want agents on your mouth
I lost my appetite maybe some aids mr.
Martin I can't be good button right now
hit me home this year take me to another
day
make me madder than fat guys before the
party with little arms trying to wipe
the last crack I'd say you would
[Applause]
so I go to this I go to Petsmart to get
some dog food for my dog and I bind it
all food and then the girl goes you want
to give an extra 20 pounder to help feed
the starving animals what do you take
them doing man my sprinkling this on my
cornflakes you sure she goes you know
for me I'm a comedian
she goes no that ain't it she goes
[Applause]
Thank You Louise I come back in Las
Vegas I take the Malaga hotel here take
the blow you tell out there
yeah hate my damn fancy hotels I hate
the toilets they got a newfangled
environmental tortoise flush right when
you stand up you see them I go in there
do my best and that dawn peace nail
didn't have time to take the picture
nothing here I'm sitting on Wordle
record I can't get no proof on the bag
on the time I mean seriously
technology's screwed me on every time
the Maidan Barris makes you walked in on
me naked at 3 o'clock in the morning
what the hell's our maid doing on an
elevator if time I go to Las Vegas
there's always a buddy manual on the
legacy I wanna thank you $300 gambling
on me all right
fill me up two days later how am i doing
you lost Eric how are you doing I'm up
they would over here another two days
send me $1,000 I'm hearing of course not
a good gambler my wife's pretty good at
crap she wins a lot of the time cuz she
plays topless and nobody's ever looking
at the dice a little fish this is what
America's come to now did you know that
you can actually now get kicked out of a
casino for pooping on a craps table man
we're living a lot of freedoms in this
town it's decadent after the first time
I was there 1991 I get some deep saddle
at my league some girls pick me up I
don't know where go to the room she'd
get all naked on me turn the lights out
I'm like whoa what the hell need to be
safe I grab me a condom there is one in
fancy lawns lubricated on inside some
big barely fit me turns out on a slim
jim rap
[Applause]
[Applause]
nine months later she gave birth to a
little spunky they say what happens in
Vegas stays in Vegas not no motor what
happens in Vegas goes right to the
iPhone sent straight to the Internet you
do for slow-motion instant replay your
big mistake better come home hey honey
how was Vegas it something didn't get to
do nothing what do you mean didn't do
nothing I didn't do nothing take motel
room the whole time
you didn't do nothing know why you're on
the internet right now pooping on a
price tag all right cell phone's gonna
ruin everybody's lives I set yourself
phones everybody got bagged themselves
they got him in prison now you know that
prisoner got cell phones you know that
yeah you know how to get him in there
they smuggle em in there buddy
sugar them up behind me yeah you think
you got shitty reception
it bend over can you hear me now what do
you say some about Thursday it's
irritating everybody's got her cell
phone I got a little meat but everywhere
he goes he does selfies on a stick here
saying that you always walk around
doesn't mean something if the midget
takes a selfie would that actually being
healthy and that's why I'm going second
right there that's material right here
thing that's irritating to a lot of
people fail to take pictures of their
private parts and Sanders they're their
girlfriends and their wives are that
stupid is the wind up owning that cuz
those up in the cyberspace in the
million wiener pieces and people grab
everything put it on internet so they
actually released a naked picture me on
the internet last year and the weird
thing was though it come from one of
them overhead traffic cameras
[Applause]
I must have been on late-night Arby's
lot of great things going on in Vegas
I'm not a big drinker on anything just
I've been my whole life with a Cinco de
Milo
last year August 16 and one thing I
don't do though is drink and drive very
well I've never done that well my whole
you don't want to get caught drinking
and driving either celebrity make the
news I remember the Cake Boss buddy
glass Oh got a DUI can you imagine the
cake boss in jail I wanted to beat up
getting the bump the bus
I had buddy money time from the military
we took him to Las Vegas he got a
hamburger one night picked up a redhead
transvestite not trying to stop him I
don't know you don't know what he done
it
next morning I seemed punched after all
the man to my he had that work for you
last night he said it was weird
not only did the grapes match the carpet
but I think I seen a curtain rod and
night
[Applause]
I love golden grass they love these
health food food police don't like you
eating in there they make up stories to
keep you out this makes me better day
I'm on internet he's an icon on nurses
click on this you'll never eat it the
Golden Corral again I'm like what's this
bullshit I clicked on it it was me
[Applause]
I love that Golden Corral I ate there
last week so many times chris Christie
started following me on Twitter I love
it I like how they have the sneeze guard
on they say that's for your help they
really cared about our health and have
an electric fence around the buffet in
there I know what that sneeze guard is
it's the fourth defect folks to get some
exercise while they in night cuz they
put all the good stuff toward the back
of them sneeze guard so the fat folks
gotta do squats and stretches when they
go down decent size fat under can get
three sets of 15 reps and they're free
where it's hard
I seen a couple getting married at the
Golden Corral I still remember the
preacher I now pronounce you to freakin
losers
the world's largest Golden Corral in
Branson Missouri show down there go
shake rattle and roll I went to not be
the audience trying to get to the seats
bad I performed it I met an old woman
laughs so hard milk of magnesia come out
of her nose they got a lot of storms
down here that crop up bitch crazy I was
down there one year with my wife and
McKenzie my brother and my sister my
biggest somebody gives you know laughing
and 270 pounds four foot six and
everywhere we went she was dressed in
full camo everywhere went look like
we're walking around with a couple
anchors down there you know everywhere
you know some people got their name on
their belts yeah everybody's name on
about all right she's a big no-no word
it's Tori the prop up so that police car
gotten on Street with a megaphone going
fuck laughs sweet homeland he's stayed
after he thought they were yelling
fucking tunnel gate okay
she got hit that on with a tornado
didn't even budget she's bawling I'm
like what's wrong you hurt turns out she
passed off there's the tornado blown all
the powdered sugar on her funnel cake
she had hit a bunch with my kids took
them to zoo they're pretty good do I
like zoos you like living I like good
shoes I'm like give me two bags which is
regular critters you know like a bunion
I'm gonna go you know crippled deer over
there
the rhinoceros use some fat teen with a
chocolate covered banana my strap to his
forehead which by the way the worst job
I ever had in my entire life every time
I go to the zoo all the good animals I
want to see you're sleeping already
it's like a Cosby got there 20 months
before I did
[Applause]
[Music]
one mama now hey I told that joke at the
zoo and i mean--is left her ass off of
that weirdest thing I ever seen at a zoo
was a bunch of penguins and none stared
at each other till it was Mike and kids
to the West comps and bails to the
waterpark for all you only never been to
a waterpark picture everybody at Walmart
with bathing suit on that's where I
found out a wiener twister wasn't a
snatch thing that the waterpark
what I go so fast right dead one right
70 miles night you get up there halfway
down swimming these younger breakers and
swim trunks when it's not by my head I
thought that poor guy they were mine I
just one day my water part nobody goes
on by the dirty butthole we're good at
in that maybe time you can't afford the
water park
just stand naked in front of the floor
man shoot your water pick up behind
there it'll let the same effect
I almost got beat up with the water part
you believe it I'm gonna beat up at the
water park I'm standing in line I get on
this one water riders a dude clutching
on this big-ass inner tube I said
where'd you get that inner table he said
what I said big ass inner tubes we got
there he said that's my wife you son of
a bitch
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
they got indoor water parts up better
cuz it's so damn cold what anybody I
know it's cold here you bend the
northern Wisconsin summer you know on
their summer lasts 48 minutes I would
guess that they're lying kid would you
get a break this little video on my
nipples when I was that part my wiener
was like a barrier went into hibernation
for a hurry today I think I got a flash
the cop and I've gotten in trouble
I might get away we should have seen it
look like a helmet setting on traveling
if you look around there
my nipples are nested together on the
winter my nipple would go where my
wiener hate I mean this cold dirt is you
know it's embarrassing like to move my
cousin look like a mushroom