now here is another funny and
ridiculously incongruous facet to this
industry
somewhere along the way it really a
funny stratification starter semantic
cesspool uh when you hear people say
good rooms classrooms and I always say
that if I came to this town and they're
going to give me five thousand dollars a
week to work the Fairmont
they're going to give me five thousand
fifty dollars a week to work the
Christian Science reading room I'll be
at the reading room like that
but thinking twice there are good rooms
I like to work the editorial office in
New York Times is that good room rooms
don't have any identity but a lot of
guys don't feel that way this is about
such a comic scene opens up Sherman Oaks
California there with his agent the pool
isn't in yet but the patio is dry well
bullets I'm tired of working the toilets
man I've had it I mean yeah you know
know it's a drag and I said there's a
lot of guys who star me in a business
they Bend I'm Steve Allen show Sullivan
Show
I'm not moving man why I'm not moving I
figured out is I never worked a
classroom I want you to get me a class
date and I'll work it for short line but
I need one class date hey why don't you
stop breaking my chops and you're
getting thirty five hundred dollars a
week in Vegas in the lounge that's spit
yeah but it's not it's the lounge
against at the big room you don't need a
sweetie baby boobies sweetie I want a
class Tate I can't keep going back to
Montreal that's all
I want a class thing all right like what
I don't thinking about uh how about the
Palladium Theatre in London what do you
what are you nut it's a vaudeville aus
it's a void allows Joey Bishop Lane and
Alan King plated well I kind of want no
grief with you man forget it you don't
get me the Palladium I want to release
in the office and that's it are they
argue back and forth two weeks later all
right you satisfied huh making an old
man out of me I'm telling you you can
open up the nineteenth with Georgia
Gibbs
Bobby Breen and Helen Olga Bruno
hauptmann's son for some insurance
they're doing a double with Barbara
Burns juniors called smoke the bazooka
then I think they're going to bring in
for the weekend
Leibovitz and the Scottsboro Boys for
poetry and cheers and it'll swim but if
you bomb I'm telling you it's not the
theater for you
you're all right in the joints man but
this is a different kind of why don't
you stop I'm gonna murder these people
man murder them you'll end up booking
the house I'm telling you all right
then I got my act tight now I got 24
minutes the dynamite I know every laugh
is yeah I can work to all kinds of
people to work the Jewish people I
learned how to say pocus all right
now I work to musicians I do a bit
called hep smoke or reefer all right got
them right into my pocket what did he a
kid's I did it's Stevens and stuff I got
a damn 24 minutes and wherever I go I
kill him all right
now it happens he gets the date the snob
appeal sets in the good room the
classroom first thing he does it's us
corning mohair suits they got their the
shirt were the ruffles shoes with the
tassels her that's all his music
recopied Frank Dell Dean of satire and
mimicry fanatics now all the people in
town given the going-away party the
saints and sinners but meeting us and
make nothing but scatological references
out-and-out world pornography and then
rationalize by giving milk to children
at the end right the friars the Lambs
Nola's nitwit groups now he's made her
and he got the cufflinks and the gang at
Lindy's knock him dead sweetie
it starts rehearsal at 10:00 act bill
they've got Jerry Lewis in for four days
to close because his new disease don't
help everybody out no layoffs a lot of
charity though he's helping muscular
dystrophy that he brought about hanging
and don't give to the other muscular
dystrophy just to his through herself
all right we'll see your first act will
be the Dunhill's all right let a back to
the coda begin and suck forward and
banked ok segue into the NIC Lucas
tribute tiptoe through the tulips yep
tonight I am Anna
okay tacit banjo chorus and say hello
into Maria Callas canceled all right
all right Bronco and his dog how much is
that doggy in the window got the top dum
dum da-dum tap tap turn next cue drama
catch it where the rim shot as he says
what do we do we see Hitler dogless leg
crashed there we go next ed Ron and his
swiss bells all right Ron works it some
bells of st. Mary bong bong an epileptic
they put him to work
good boy the Americans are marvelous
rehabilitating people at Smasher
next into Wanda and her birds okay Wanda
no use working to be sweetheart leave
them in cages alright we just take it
the time okay dad dunya duck Duck Duck
Dom sustain the Corky bird comes out
takes the flags out of her mouth and -
over there it's a long way to tipperary
my buddy cha-cha end off alright
Nelligan okay all right get the comedian
up here Frank Dell come up here son
let's see who took comic reaches Mike
bear yet the Tutera isn't done yet -
then fade okay next cue that's why it's
why Christine that's why Christine can
never come home boy
take a look heads on Christina back and
let a excute Liberace hey what crap
let's see that's intense as you remember
Pearl Harbor oh really
next year and next year let's go up to
show business heaven and the great Al
Jolson Saint crap week after week yes
it's disgusting oh now Stan I'm sorry we
were just talking over some boys that
were here before I'm sure you do the
impressions different you probably do
them as children music is beautiful
we'll talk about it tonight
that night the show one of these opening
nights where everybody is just killing
the audience one act heir to the other
tremendous amount of rapport between
every perform in the audience now
Georgia Gibbs is on this comic follows
her Georgia gives is now been on for 45
minutes and she's really wrapping them
up nah she we gaining momentum does the
Broadway melody 1938 medley and she's
got them like this holding been heard at
a yard jump off on now in the
heavyweight numbers early a lead back
yeah the tribute is a Harry Lauder okay
did you know murder sorrento killing
them off standing ovation finally gets
up the comic is still waiting he's had a
wonderful afternoon he's giving his
picture to the delicatessen and he's
swinging right ladies and gentlemen the
Palladium Theatre Party presents
America's fastest rise young comedian
and Dean of satire mr. Frank del
well good evening ladies and gentlemen
and certainly nice to be here at the
most famous theater in the world the
wonderful Palladium Theatre ah
well folks I just got back from lost
wages Nevada funny thing about working
lost wages folks the way to make a lot
of money there when you get off the
plane walk one into the propeller I tell
you a funny thing happened folks this
little pansy walked into the bar and
then into the motel jokes the army jokes
the impressions ten twelve fifteen
minutes and he's bombing nothing but not
left one now it goes into the dying
jokes Wow
folks I wasn't born here but I'm sure
died in here ah a lot of different ways
to die and blah blah blah
Mary starts with putting you audience
down well Freddy Freddy boy I see it's
little squares go little squares vote
for the first show the greatest in the
mall vote not the baby born at cracker
hmm let's go to show business heaven how
about it maestro
how about it my astro ha ha ha
I lack electrician let's hit it boys
oh my mom baby walks off gets a little
courtesy applause to people sounds like
Citizen Kane heroine the only two people
that are laughing are the two usherettes
who ball everybody who played the
theater find the comic back in his
dressing room yeah
knock at the door enter the house book
of the employer oh hello son how do you
do my name is Val Parnell I'm the house
Booker here and you had quite a grim
crowd out there didn't you
I don't think I've seen anything like
this in quite a few years you just
couldn't get off the ground you were out
there for a couple of hours well and she
was sure that was certainly run and for
sure I didn't see you work while I was
in New York
Jack Duran told me that she did quite a
good job in Rochester and he bit for a
bit to take your actor par let's see now
that hep smoke Aretha that was quite a
Vaughn God I never had any reefer humour
here and uh see if Miss toklas is in
with a candy for me and you're quite a
sensitive performer that was evidenced
by the continual references to Liberace
and Christine my wife thought you were
marvellous sure she got all that good
hep stuff you did after you went off we
had a bit of a meeting and we kicked a
lot of ideas around and one of them was
that there's a belt leaving Thursday and
I was wondering if you'd mind signing
this release here yeah oh this is no
reflection on your challenge of every
clever but will protect each other just
sign it right here's fine not there it
is Shh what do you think you got a
banana here Jani ooh I don't understand
the reference to foodstuff son what do
you put me on you mean to tell me every
comedian that comes out of your breaks
up the first show now I'm used to
working as smart sophisticated
nightclubs you make a lot of kids out
there don't know what the hell is going
in or what the score is I didn't take my
fig bits and the reefa bits I didn't
even do my Seng at the ball game yes
son I'm afraid it's not the bits you see
it's the totality you sure I know this
you don't know you NIT what you'll come
over here man likes just stay there
you're not gonna cancer me outta here me
and I don't know who the hell you think
you're talking to but this is it for me
man this isn't Toledo this is across the
ocean you can't cancel me like this now
wait a minute mean just a minute
sorry I got hot with you like that man
you gotta give me another chance man you
got it hey that cop out oh like this but
this means a lot to me me like first
place my marriage you didn't want me to
have it and you realize what the hell
variety will do to me let me do tonight
Joe please just tonight alright alright
son we'll see what tonight brings that
night Georgia Gibbs has been on now for
two hours
she's now into her tribute to Sophie
Tucker hello God number and just killing
the people really wrapped up now in a
nice parcel and she's wailing don't off
boughs now into offbeat Scotch bits will
Fife my heart belongs to Glasgow and on
and on and after murdering the audience
leaves them limp she comes back and does
this for an encore oh you've been so
good to me ladies and gentlemen
do you know I realized that a vaudeville
stage is no place for sentiment but I
wonder if at this time we could have a
moment of silence for the poor boys who
went to Dunkirk and never came back
boys who'll never again see the bright
lights of Piccadilly boys were gone
why all the boys gone
the boys are dead they couldn't follow
that except a leper on the art baker
show you asked for it an arm right yeah
finally she walks or people sobbing the
audience is completely depressed
the ones that aren't sobbing
uncontrollably are grabbing for
digitalis which is too much ladies and
gentlemen the plenum theater who party
visits America's fastest rising young
comedian who indeed of satire here is
this fun time Frank
doh well good evening ladies and
gentlemen and nice to be here at the
most famous Theatre Royal the wonderful
palladium theater folks a funny thing
that just got back from a delightful
crazy little town a crazy crazy place
called lost wages you know folks a funny
thing about working with laws
yes Nevada and ring-a-ding into the
toilet for good this time forget it not
one laugh oh I see we got little squares
well again little squares will squares
now the managers watching from the wings
all right
oh that's how you just keep watching
meeting his concept of being hip aren't
you re a nitwit I'll grab a little slow
starter a little backstage rib folks who
has really shove me in a manager hat
thought you get a kick out of it alright
ah keeps reaching punching a nice tasty
Martha Raye that's picking his nose
heavy innit
a little bit here and go I'm gonna go up
in ring-a-ding and it's granite out
there Jefferson Washington Lincoln oh
forget it it's like not there but keep
punching and punch me
it's nice way to treat an American folks
thanks lads for that yeah and I was in
are like few bucks that went to you
people too I was in the service too guys
that means anything tear maybe I was
over there myself he's sweating he's
nervous he's doing Georgia gives his
tune so he'll feel right and let's go to
happen with show business oh yeah
alright the other day I heard of how a
faith they forget it get it nothing
they're looking at a mean face this is
staring up there 1500 people in oil
painting good a strike
alright folks doing a little bit here
screw Island folks how about that head
they really bummer after the IRA I read
about
really no good scooty Irish what do you
say about that one yeah yeah sir it
really give you a hard time those mix
how about it folks scooty Irish what do
you say about that yeah okay a heck
we're in the balcony that's the funniest
thing you've said all right boy let's
ride school and score take it easy
buster lesser get outta line it's just a
little joke now the manager what's going
on out there sky school I get that boom
off the stage go to the new reel shorter
masters get the bobbies back folks cool
the Irish they stole the ground back
back to the dressing room yeah
naca the door enter once again the house
Booker we goddamn son oh I don't believe
what's going on out there go ahead you
status get a nail do it up right
oh oh I don't believe what went on after
just don't believe it
you're a bloody Mau Mau
I swear to god son rabbit rock really
missed something with you now look son I
don't mourn these boys who come out and
they start with the same word every
night they finish with the same word
perhaps not too creative of funny maybe
but goddamn son you got a knack of
making propitious there's a difference
and not getting laughs and changing the
architecture the theatre huh
you're not funny that's what I mean face
it however the man are you I should say
34 or 35 it's not too late you know take
the claw something forget it you might
be good with those evangelist thing
saving people are you staring at me for
you idiot you don't use narcotics do you
here son sign it here right where it
says witnesses while you still got the
fingers to do it with don't give me wait
a minute I learn about my wife here
right here sign it now wait a minute
wait a minute far out the return of the
Crusades if there's only one thing fix
dead center in my mind that there's a
boat leaving Thursday and I guess you'll
be goddamn well glad to get on it son
we'll get you out of the country someway
I believe Julian Elton's left a wig in
the closet many years ago
you