will Elizabeth Taylor become bar
Mitzvahed
no I promise continuity I'll behave
myself I'll do all the lines where he
hurts you know that's the thing you know
I have a reputation for being sort of
controversial and irreverent and also
the semantics bear trap of bad taste and
actually I do have and I will always be
accused of bad taste by the people who
eat in restaurants to reserve service
you know that kind of scene to anyone
yet
but you might be interested in how I
became offensive like started in school
with a drinking and I was really I was
like a real depressed kid you know seven
eight years old I really get used and
get out so the teacher would really get
bugged you know with with me singing and
carrying on calling Columbus of faint
younger and boosting Aaron Burr and
then smoking I don't know if you can see
it can you see that from here
I've got like them this tattoo here I
fix up huh
you see it I see I smoke Marlboros now
six years old and it grew up a fan
dancing funny camping it's a near
semantics they're words that offend me
let's see governor Faubus segregation
offend me a nighttime television offends
me some night I'm sorry the shows that
exploit homosexuality narcotics and
prostitution under the guise of helping
the societal problem in the accept mic
for a few shows one guy on the coast
who's got like a nutty sense of humor
his name is Paul Coates and he found out
dig like there were kids that eight and
nine years old that was sniffing
airplane glue
to get higher you know and I had sort of
a fantasy how it happened the kid is
alone in his room and it's Saturday
the child is played by George McCready
that's you know I'm were alone in the
room in it's Saturday mother's away and
what'll I do that's couldn't hostel
let's see I'll uh I'll make an airplane
that's good I'll make a Lancaster good
structural design I'll get the ball to
it I'll sand it here I'll cut that off
I'll get the struts now now I'll get an
airplane glue I'll rub it on the rag and
hair here now it's not a flame I'm
getting loaded
it's just possible loaded on airplane
glue babies just stuffy in here I'll
call my dog over FeliCa Flicka come here
darling and smell this rat smell it you
freaky little doggie
hello Flicka Flicka Flicka
it worked I'm the Louis Pasteur of junk
Edom I'm out of my skull for dinner
well is much work to be done now horses
hooves to melt down noses to get ready
cut to the toy store any toy store any
hobby shop might be your kid who walked
in that day ding-a-ling-a-ling inning
hello mr. Schindler nice door you got
here give me a nickels worth of pencils
and a big boy tablet and some erasers
and mm tubes of aeroplanes good what at
the FN what else offends me um some
motion pictures now the motion pictures
that's the thing that I don't like you
know exploitation for just the sake of
exploiting a motion pictures that
exploit race relations without ever
saying anything I don't feel Hollywood
is ever with maybe the exception of home
and the brave really touched on a good
picture that came out and said some
issues that were important you know
typical brotherhood boom hey skits like
lay some Spanish music I'm like anything
that's weird that Miguel three years old
it's the hour of truth they're taking
the bull away the bull he raised the
bull he loves we're here Miguel talking
to his father why are you going to take
the bull away I love cream not my poor
nephew bird sometime you stick the
bundle literal him until my new era
focus and mundos telephony kitties fine
you that's my bull three I don't like
you I told you I might've found um call
me you song because you kill my pool not
even my song if you don't understand no
cut can I understand that you killed him
other like no or Miguel if you don't see
I can explain to you if you yes said to
kill this bull will mean $3,000 your
American money cue
he grows the man 19 years old and here's
where the typical Hollywood Brotherhood
pitch starts to seep in the sister talks
to him over the shoulder one you're
making a mistake
hanging around with the wrong game why
dr. Mendoza the shop teacher says you're
making wonderful earrings out of that
expresso machine one why don't you
listen before it's too late
one over the shoulder into the mirror
Dom bother me who are you no esta
quinella
esta Caliente Resaca cetera wanna
bombard me give me the rubberband my
ponytail now we dissolve to the exterior
of the schoolyard and there's all the
anglo-saxon types you know they're
bright and shiny with the Switchblade
tongues and des Beaux I likey Rizzo goo
with a ripped madras blazer unit and a
big pitch comes in listen to me come on
you guys
when I hear something I learned in
school what I can't forget you know what
I learned in school putting my mind guys
for principal something I can't forget
you know what I can't forget I forgot
you I don't forget only in this country
girl copy my friend
I mean he's finest guy okay I'm in
Spanish Feliz the polar guy okay started
the Jewish guy does the Japanese diet
French guy my friend in his country we
all have to stick together and beat up
the Greeks
there is another side to my nature the
aesthetic side you know and Clyde Beatty
I'm going to dig that and I'm going to
write a musical with Steve out and it's
sort of a nice kind of thing and it's
about a couple and if you've been
married you know where are now you know
the seem that happen yet a million beefs
with your old lady you know you break up
and you go back together again but this
couple in the play they're little
eccentric and they've gone back you know
and broken up about fifty five times in
seven years but they keep going back for
the kids sake so finally they go to a
marriage counselor it opens up and
they're together and they're happy
without one argument but the kids are
complete nuts because they were so
adjusted to that scene of breaking up
and going back together that it's been
too much for them so they decide for the
kids sake to break up and in the scene
Steve like you know he's my friend we're
hanging out together and he's got the
first one hey let me where's your lady
oh he had a beef man we broke it oh it's
tomato or you'll get back together now
that's it you know you have a million
fights and finally decide that's the one
you've had it you know and I finally got
the guts and I got rid of right I don't
believe it man but I finally did it I
finally got rid of her how'd you do that
she left me
but it's better off man you're better
off alone I'm really gonna swing I'm
gonna fix up my own pair that's it I can
really fix up a head you know I'm gonna
really get some that shiny black
furniture and I'll get a bullfight
poster and I'll get a coffee table make
a door out of it
then I'll just really swing argot it'll
just be nice now get a satin smoking
jacket the pearl white phone and I'll
sit back and relax and finally I'll be
all alone there and that's the best way
to make it all alone all of them
all along
all along our joy to be all along I'm
happy alone don't you see I've convinced
you matter I get so dramatic about you
better off alone man I got it
that's it I'm gonna get a whole bunch of
new suits you know I've had the same
dumb suit for 10 years you walk in her
closet you can't even breathe that's it
I'll get a whole bunch of suits i'll get
a chick that likes to hang out you know
I'll get it I've had the vodka parties
that's Marta vodka party swing it up all
up I'll get a chip I got a chick likes
to drink well my wife sure used to look
good standing up against this thing
she's the lowest though I really put her
down no no I really miss her
I don't want some sharp chick that can
quote Kerouac and walk with boys I just
want to hear my old lady say get up and
fix this thing it's still making noise
all alone all alone like a nearsighted
dog where's the bone all but it's better
to be all alone no more taking out the
garbage hear her yakking on the phone I
gave her everything even my mother's
ring
but to me she was so petty sometimes I
wish that she were dead there probably
take her two hours to get ready when
she's old then she's going to be sorry
that's it
like she's young and swinging now and
she can get a lot of guys but when she's
old I can see her about 20 years now
how you doing Annie I've seen you a long
time you look good a good baby you're
still washing your hair with Dutch
cleanser I see yeah you look good he
gained a few pounds what happened to
your neck I heard you got married a few
times me no I've always stayed single I
have an investing in property I picked
up a little place in Mexico maybe you've
heard of it score Acapulco I don't know
where are you living
a furnished room that's nice you cook on
the ratty edge of the paper drapes sit
in the lobby and watch television in all
the oh that's cool yeah yeah let's go
you have the diners club you sorry for
you go first-class in those joints I
know the top yeah that's it her future
spells are murky gloom I'll be rich and
famous and she'll be living in a
furnished room but it's going to be too
late I would hear a moan I'll be living
in my Nob Hill mansion rich and all
alone all alone
all along I'll be rich but so
you wanna town folks to expect to be in
New York City soon can hand your
postcards to Lenny personally at a place
called the den he's appearing there
night way here in New York three
students just joining us just a moment
right now we come to stereo HiFi stereo
you know is to listening