we live in an interesting time you know
because you can be on an airplane you're
like one of 200 passengers you're on a
flight 30,000 feet in the air in the
middle of the flight if you just decide
to do this you're sitting in your seat
and you start going like this you go if
you do that and don't stop doing it they
will land the plane you can will a plane
to the ground without a weapon or a
threat you don't have to do that much
because just there just start going down
now seriously you're going to plane and
you just didn't stop saying down down
down there's our problem down down
fighter jets will open evenings you'll
going to the nearest airport and then I
guess you're in trouble but what they
can't put you like in prison because you
set down several times
they like bother you why did you do
there you are Terrence why do it I just
didn't want to be up anymore didn't like
it I mean I just said the word of the
where I wanted to be you didn't have to
do it suggestion she's right I was in a
plane when there was two babies on a
plane and other people wasn't just was
just me and two babies that would be
weird
get on a plane there's a - baby come on
we're leaving soon
he's the pilot baby I'm the other baby
no it's alright I'm not gonna you babies
have a good flight
I'm gonna find another way to get there
yeah I don't like the way this was it
starting anyway I was on a plane and
there's a two babies and they're crying
the whole time crying the whole flight
in that happens a lot I don't think they
knew each other they're just crying I've
seen it on so many flights a certain
wonder is there a reason for this is
there like an actual reason why baby so
I looked it up turns out there's an
actual reason why babies cry on
airplanes and it's because they're upset
that gay people are getting married like
a really upset like in Greece totally
upset honey it's the country changing
and I don't agree with one thing if
people are in love they should get
married but they can't they can't accept
that they're just village being babies
babies are selfish they are baby they're
selfish please me nobody ever goes why
are you doing them I have two daughters
both of them at one time we're babies
and I held them and they cried on planes
it's happened to me I've had a baby on a
plane if you're ever it is how selfish
people are when you're on a plane and
you hear baby crying you think that's
happening to you like this kid it ruined
my flight it's gonna ruin it we'll look
at the parent because that person is
holding a crying baby on a plane which
means they've been traveling with a baby
all day which means they have a baby
okay so their life isn't even good they
don't like anything their ho light was
not Jesus if there's any joy for them is
that it this is now bothering other
people yeah you listen to this shit now
when
[Applause]
number one tie my fate was crying on the
place she's really upset and this guy in
some business man on the Plagueis
businessman always think that every
flight is a private plane of theirs that
we're all like piggybacking on and this
guy has this fuckin newspaper and he
turns around and look at me and my baby
and he looks white at me he doesn't kind
of like go like this he looks at me like
me like good yeah
oh I'm sorry it's bothering you let me
just
you
you all just clap for a dead baby we've
plotted a dead baby
[Music]
I've been thinking about my memories
because I have kids now and my kids are
in age where I remember being their age
I remember being a six-year-old I
remember being a nine-year-old that's a
big threshold that my kids have crossed
is that I remember being their age
because when you're raising kids you're
not raising the kid in front of you
you're raising the grown-up that they're
going to be later and I was a kid once
when they were babies I didn't really
relate to them because their babies a
baby is not going to remember shit that
is happening to it if you have a baby
keep it alive and enjoy yourself but
really the baby doesn't because it's not
going to matter a baby is not
accumulating anything it's like an
etch-a-sketch that you shake every day
it doesn't really doesn't matter you
close with your beautiful baby face
every day maybe fuck you baby like right
every day what a matter every day
wouldn't matter I mean they'll grow up
with a general sadness inside but they
won't forgetfulness please remember why
and memories are weird because memories
get distorted by who you are now and who
you were when you experienced them like
I remember when I first started doing
stand-up I was living in Boston and
there was one club that was owned by a
gay guy and my memory is that that guy
was always trying to fuck me that's my
memory I've carried it for 20 years
there was a gate guy tried to fuck me
all the time everything I caught up with
an old friend of mine from those days so
I hadn't seen in years
we started talking about different
people and he brought him up and I say
that guy always used to try to fuck me
and he goes he did like yeah he goes
really did he I mean did he like take
you to his house or something and really
tried it physically but no it's just
that he's gone I mean he's trying
fucking out I'm like what did he say
did he push you and you know say stuff
all the time and make you uncomfortable
no it just was and as we went through it
I finally the truth that came out was
the whole story really was there once
was a gay man
that's really what happened he was gay I
was 19 the wood and now he tried to fuck
me on the side like I went through life
with that but I was try to remember what
is my first memory like weird how far
did my memories go and I remember my
first memory I was four years old and I
was standing in front of my parents
house and I was shitting in my pants
I was just shitting a massive terribly
painful shit and I was halfway through
the shit that's my first memory is being
halfway the first half of the shit I
don't remember it that's still in the
ether of infancy the center - it was so
wide that it I actually came online as
the result of the anal pain that I was
experiencing it actually awakened me
increased the cream of consciousness I'm
now living
that's how my life started that's why
a lot of my memories I don't want like I
don't like when I was a teenager I hated
all that time I hated being a teenager
and then I discovered drugs and then
that all I gave a shit about I don't
know how I'm going to tell my kids how
the fuck you compete with that how do
you take a miserable person with no
control over their lives and tell them
with a straight face aw you can't do
drugs you can't do that baby
all threads are or perfect solution
every problem you have right now how do
you how do you beat that drugs are so
fucking good that they'll ruin your life
festival could say fuck I can't do drugs
now because I'm 44 and I can't hook it
up I can't make that happen if you're 44
you want to get a high you got to hurt
your back that's pretty much the only
option you have hurt your back get some
percocet and then you get a babysitter
and take three the diner like just sad
little drowsy I never really could have
liked it I wish I was a drunk like that
I love romantically the idea of being a
real drunk in my bathrobe all day this
is everybody who loves me though is
crying you don't like you hmm
yes showing up at my kids school play
halfway through you show who you are
I wish I could be that guy but I can't
drink because I just get tired I go to
sleep I don't know how people drink and
then do shit like when I see movies or
TV shows or there's people in an office
having a power meeting and they're
cleaning they're making a drink in the
daylight with a tie on well senator hope
you play ball this and this construction
do you know what I'm saying
yeah well see what's in it for me how is
the next scene not all those people just
lying on the floor Lagaan lead with
drink whiskey is noon I can't smoke pot
because it's the same thing I'm too old
for it sometimes young people come up to
me after shows Katie one is books and
but I'm like can I get my portion to
smoke without you alone later because I
don't want to stand in a parking lot
with some 20 year olds last time I got
high I was in Kansas City and I got high
cuz I was in Kansas City and shitty so
after the show these kids that worked in
the clubs really want to smoke some pot
I'm like yes so I'm standing in a
parking lot with these kids like 20
years old and we're smoking a joint and
I'm taking a huge hit cuz I have no idea
I didn't know they've been working on
this shit like it's the cure for cancer
I didn't understand the fucking
technology that's gone into some baking
pot so powerful because when I was a kid
you did you smoke a joint for a while
now you think two hits and you go in
same
it's not doable anymore and I'll take it
big hit like big 1970 jean jacket bad
company hit my gear and even the kid
with the wooden new hole of no ear the
absence of flesh in his ear with wooded
I don't know what that is
even he was like that you should be
careful that blood of I that's very
strong marijuana
boy fucking and in about ten seconds
everything just being here I'm like oh
this is an ordeal now
I'm not going to feel okay for a very
long time and everybody's just standing
around and talking and I'm hoping like
I'm really hoping that I look like this
but I'm pretty sure that I was just
scanning insanely
I was actually counting like look at her
four five four three two one twist to
him five four three two get randomize
don't want to end Russian five four nod
your head that looked like you're
listening if you're not your head hahaha
and one point I realized I need to get
out of here because the air is hitting
my arm weirdly and they can tell they
totally know that I'm not handling the
way air is touching my arm right now why
am i doing that with my hand that's
weird to do that with your hand nobody
stands like this
nobody fans like this just fuckin know
that's also that's weird too
that's crazy just I gotta go
but I didn't know how to leave because I
had this dilemma we're all standing in a
perfect circle facing each other I
thought it's going to be insane if I
just turn my having one person with my
back then joy just back away like this
hope that they fill in and I said no say
something say something out loud to them
that it smooth the transition of you
leaving
okay where why say pick of things that
goodbye thought that was a nightmare
that's good bye
that's any messes noises finally I walk
away I said I I know is that bad because
they all went home okay right whoa
really all never feels million his long
ago limited and then I had to get in the
court I forgot that I had rented the car
and I had to drive back at a hotel and
I'm riding on this Highway in Missouri
and at one point I realized I think it's
been about 25 minutes since I looked out
the front window in this car
I've just been dealing with shit
directly in
shit there's a whole spectrum of
responsibilities out here I'm supposed
to take part in this and then at one
point I remember out of the
drive-through and I was terrified
because there's a lady sticking her head
out a window and she's mad she's going
sir sir like I don't know I don't know I
don't know I the window cause I have no
fucking idea what part of the
transaction am I did I pay it at by or
did I if I didn't sitting here for 40
minutes is eating at the window and I
ate the paper everything sir that's what
I I can fucking Fulton
[Applause]
I can't do that anyone
I was thinking the other day what if
there was a baby who was born who
there's been a lot of fucked up babies
there's all kinds of baby important
there's been babies was you know the
connected is a face to a dog or whatever
there's two babies with three legs with
hands on them there's been Chinese
babies that the worst thing I ever said
I think I finally said the worst thing I
have ever said happen totally unredeemed
and horrible and it feels good it feels
good in Phantom is the comfort in
knowing that I just said the worst thing
I'll ever say in the rest of my life
it's good all right
yeah I'm not a good guy I am NOT I wish
I was a good guy like the idea of being
a good guy sometimes I have an
opportunity to be a good guy but that
necessarily do it I was on a plane once
and I was flying first class because I
had a thing at I fly first class who
cares just that's the way it is I don't
I'm not like you I'm not I'm not all the
things you do I do a better version of
all those things and it's only for
another year at the most believe me it's
not gonna last
it's been about eight months I got a
year left and then I'm back to being
just like you but for now I pretty good
so I'm in first class seat in first
class is so crazily better it's so much
better you get a bigger seat you get
food but also you get to sit and first
you get to sit before anybody else does
they sit you down and you get to just
sit there with champagne and watch all
the sweaty just miserable all a single
mom having their stroller and the kid
and you know that looks heavy and
nobody's helping you that's a drag
[Music]
anyway sauce underplay number is percent
and a soldier gets on a plane
I think soldiers fly all the time
because that's how they get to the war
if they fly on a shitty airline you
think they get to go on a cool green
plane with a red light go go go now they
just go to Delta and they just waited
line to go to a war and they only do
white coach I've never seen a soldier in
first class in my life it could be a
full-bird colonel he's between two fat
guys in coach and they're always nice
I've never seen a soul to get on the
plane like a I'm in an army fuck you
guys there we go surfing yes thank you
very much man it's like having an extra
flight attendant they help everybody put
their shit up there awesome and every
time that I see a soldier on a plane I
always think you know I should give him
my seat it would be the right thing to
do would be easy to do and it would mean
a lot to him I could give him I could go
up and have fun I get to call my son
hey son go ahead and take my seat
because I'm in first class why for being
a professional asshole I'm the first
class because I talk about baby big dick
that's what got me my seat this guy is
giving his life for the country he
thinks and so he
but that's good enough that it wouldn't
matter the faculty fainted I'm serious
these fucking told boy everybody in his
life system that that's a great thing to
do and he's doing it and it's scary but
he's doing it he's sitting in this
shitty seat and I should trade with him
I never have let me make sexier I've
never done it once I've had so many
opportunities I never even really
started the game close
and here's the worst part I still just
enjoyed the fantasy for myself to enjoy
I was actually proud of myself for
having Waterman I am such a sweet man so
nice of me to think of doing that and
then totally never do it at least you
should be good just to the people just
turn a good face to the people that you
that you that you see in life I don't do
that either because when I get like
etiquette in the elevator my building
that's my first contact with human
beings always after being home and just
being disgusting for hours then I come
out and the elevator and there's always
a guy a mile there who's nice and I hate
it I I get really upset when people say
say nice things to me that's not a good
impulse I get an elevator there's always
this one guy who just he sticks his face
right in front of his fucking head and
he hi like he just closed it out there
like a big balloon you know hey how's it
going um I get up I get cagey I get this
weird impulse and I want to come on his
face I don't know why
but that's what I think about is that I
wish I could just secrete come without
the sexual workup like and the defendant
you know like a Twitter is gum not
actually I mean aggressively hi you just
came my eye that's one ground stairs I
want to talk I was going a little off
the rails out of her burrows trying to
say I'd like to be a better person I was
I like to be a better person
there's one kid in my daughter's class
who I hate so much and it's really
fucked up because I'm 44 and I hate a
six-year-old I mean I hate him with the
grown up preoccupying hate I've thought
about him three times since I came out
here that's how much I really hate this
kid
I'm going to tell you about him I have
to make up a name because he's a real
child who lives in the city
my exit megohm the name has been ordered
all the story bottom his name is just
just Sam Debose list calls him jizz and
the puss fine okay he's in my daughter's
class they're in first grade and when we
take our kids in class there's a little
procedure you bring a kid to school and
they have their backpack and their
jacket and they go to their cubby and
they take it all off and they put it in
the cubby then they take their the
homework folder and their lunchbox and
put them in the bin little those are
their little responsibility to help them
do it so they'll bow a lot but Japan the
puss when he comes in he doesn't do none
of that shit he just walks in and just
chef at all he just
and his mom his weave piece-of-shit mom
picked it all up
I hate his mother because you hate a
weak parent when you're a parent because
it's like you're raising Hitler
motherfucker do your job get in there if
our parent group in our class were a
platoon of soldiers she'd be the ones
that we put so FAR's and Fox we dragged
that bitch in her sleep she would walk
right up fuck out she wouldn't make it
when she's in the puts process shit this
bitch picks it up for him and she puts
it all away for him which frees him up
to punch of the kids in the face because
he's a shitty horrible violent child
once I was at school and I was
volunteering a recess if something you
do you know if you're a good parent but
once a month or whatever it is you go to
school and you just stand there you
watch recess you masturbate whatever you
want to do
I that is male the worst thing that
stories like that now that's the worst
thing I resent okay all right okay
hopefully we'll find it I mean you could
at the public school don't we do give a
shit but I haven't the spark hasn't
gotten that bad anyway I want to recess
and recesses of the trip if you've never
been to recess it's intense
because it's like the universe like you
know if you watch the ocean crash waves
on the beach for a long time you start
feeling like you're understanding how
everything works
that's the recess is like because every
natural chaotic energy is represented at
recess there's kids swirling around
these big roiling crazy things there's
one kids spazzing out singularity kids
just a binary system of two kids holding
hands and they're running and just
clothes lining every child at a certain
height they're keeping a uniform height
to the playground
so I'm washing recess and I see exam
books and he's walking with his evil
this kid is like evil stuck out of time
he's like I always picture him in a gray
fur coat with bones in it and lots of
rings from people that he kills and just
talking
and I see my daughter and she stand
there by herself and there's just an
applause and I know he's hidden he's
going for her it was like a like an
action movie thriller and I said to
myself I got to go there
I gotta protect her but then I thought
let him do a little something first
let him do just a little something
because I want it I want this kid in my
life
I want I want a reason I want aerial
photos of him doing some shit to my
family that I could bring the you in and
get authority to waterboard this little
motherfucker I want to fucking get him
on a flight to Venezuela with an
envelope on his head and duct tape and
all that shit
so anyway he goes for her grabs arm
starts twisting and she goes I went over
I'm just knocking kids over I run crack
for me and I look in his little face and
I go to listen to me to stay in the puss
if you ever ever in your bust touch her
again and as I'm doing this I realize
this is not cool that I'm doing this
this is totally inappropriate
it is really wrong it's way over the top
it's too grown-up I mean it's like
either the drug dealer in my building
that I finally fucking business now
motherfucker I will cut you I don't care
and he crying pitifully and I just I use
I just walked away from him I just got
away
and then all of these the teachers
everybody that is gone through the other
books what's wrong with you anything and
he couldn't articulate it because he's
not getting educated fuck him
I was never one yeah ed you put a hold
on me bitch but you're too stupid now
which is your own fault you future ditch
dig and piece of shit oh I'm going to
love watching you grow up into nothing
motherfucker
I'm going to watch it and I'm going to
fuck your mom and not call her - I'm
gonna ruin her summer I'm going to fuck
your mom twice and then never call her
[Applause]
and I don't know your dad cause he ran
out on you but I'm going to find them
I'm going to turn myself gay and that
I'm going to fuck him - I'm gonna fuck
I'm gonna suck his dick so good that he
just has to change his whole life and
he's working I'm going to move into a
place of them in the village for a
couple of months and totally he'll cut
off ties to all his life and start
wearing cut-offs that are really tight
and he'll just and then I'll go to some
Christian turn you're not gay place and
I'll come back with Rome you baguette
and make him feel bad inside like what
has he done
[Music]
you got to protect your kid you got it
without doing many a lot of people will
talk to talk but you know
a lot of people say that shit I would
throw myself under a bus for my so yeah
would you fuck another kid dad and
consume sexually and your self sexually
in the project and use homophobia that
you hate against another person just
some kid shove your kid for a second I
got it's my baby girl I got to do it fun
I got its like that dick that's my baby
girl I got it
I try to be a good dad but you know like
the life just kind of takes off and kids
start you know they get their own ideas
and their my nine year old she's just
figuring out about line and that's a
tough thing turn to roll that one back
because lying is pretty amazingly useful
in life so how do you tell a kid not to
use a thing that just solves every
possible problem like magic how do you
so that's why kids like it they're in
trouble they like is there more trouble
that they can take you know because kids
but nine-year-old when a nine-year-old
wise it's not for some weird
Machiavellian you know do you know my
teacher said about you is interesting
they don't dig that up
they lied against they're in trouble and
it's more than they get because trouble
is too much for a kid trouble it for
grownups we can take trouble we don't
care we just go on sorry am I in trouble
what we don't care but to a little kid
trouble is think this with a horrible
did you peg that's all class
and she did she doesn't know how to
handle it No we'll all right then have a
nice day how you then tell her yeah
don't ever apply that perfect solution
again terrifying things
I have two children nine and twelve
years old both girls they're both gay
I'm raising them gay
most people raise our kids straight I'm
just going to raise my gig they'll do
what they want later but as long as were
in my house they're gay it's home every
day you're gay honey good night go to
bed brush your Gaetti
gaming don't forget to be gay
it's hard having kids because it's
boring that really is the hardest part
of having kids ask any parent what's the
hard part is it looking after their
health care is it making sure that their
education no it's just being with them
on the floor while they be children
it's just they re Clifford the Big Red
Dog to you at a rate of 50 minutes of
Paige and you have to sit there and be
horribly proud and bored at the same
time I ain't hating Clifford the Big Red
Dog I hate him
there's 50 book sponsor from the Big Red
Dog Jersey but there are seven books
about Narnia that cover the birth and
death of the nations and mites with
swords and a lion who's a god they fit
in seven books fifty books about
Clifford the Big Red Dog and they all
tell the exact same story look how big
this dog is that's it that's it look how
big this dog in the whole book here's
how big he was at the firehouse here's
how big he was at Thanksgiving who gives
a shit you just drew him baby
you just on purpose made them bigger
than people it should be look how big I
drew the dog in this book isn't that a
mistake
there's no authorial you maybe even just
ruined hole through the page I don't
even know if he did it honestly how a
story about Clifford make something
happen words maybe he steps on a
policeman and shatters his spine and
it's devastating to the community he
hangs on for two months and then died
and there's a whole you know funeral
with bagpipes and everybody's crying and
Clifford against the death penalty and
they he there's a whole book about his
appeal process and how he found Jesus
but everybody said it was bullshit the
cops wife was like I want that dog dead
and then he goes to the chair they shave
all his red fur off but now he Clifford
the big pink dog and put him on a big
funny electric chair that the town got
together and built boring having kids
you got to play kid games
you gotta play board games little kid
board games for you and you go you you
got a six honey one
[Applause]
here is just here you just go here
that's just daddy I'm learning I know
you're going to grow up stupid because
I'm bored I can't take it baby I can't I
can't watch it I'm bored more than I
love you
I can't I just come on my girls are six
to nine now they're actually a really
exciting age because they're learning to
do some cool stuff
I play Monopoly with my kids that's
really fun my nine-year-old she can
totally do monopoly the six-year-old
actually totally gets how the game works
but she's not him emotionally developed
enough to handle her inevitable loss in
every game of Monopoly
because the monopoly loss is dark it's
heavy nothing when you lose it you know
Candyland Oh in the fucking name baby oh
yeah URI Miguel meet Aurelio's you
didn't get to win but when she loses the
Monopoly I got a look at her little face
I go okay so here's what's gonna happen
now take all your property everything
you have all the railroads your houses
all your money that's my men gotta give
it all to me give it to me that's right
and no no you can't play anymore see
because even though you're giving me all
of that it doesn't even touch how much
you owe me doesn't even touch it baby
you're going down hard it's really bad
all you've been working for all day I'm
going to take it now
and I'm going to use it to destroy your
sister I mean I've been
ruin her it just made hem on this board
for her now when you have kids you also
have to belong the kidandparent culture
you have to know a lot of parents and a
lot of other kids you have to hang out
with other kids sometimes they're not
even kids you know like when I go to
parks with my kids I play with them I
play with my kids some people don't do
that they neglect their they take their
kids the parts they don't have to talk
to them and those kids kind of glom onto
our ships like I'll be sitting at the
park playing a fun game with my kids and
then there's this woman over in a bench
and she's that are fun ones you just
stare at her foam and a kid's like mommy
thought we put a sheet on your father
and then the kid comes up does can I be
your family
it's creepy one time I was at a swimming
pool with Mike as a public pool and I
had my daughter my six-year-old on my
arm like this she was like clamped on
and she's kicking it was so much fun and
then she got off and another random
child just hung like a rat it all for me
when I left you I don't know
I think the kids dead I don't know what
happened
so I'm 47 now and yeah I know that's
about what it's worth that's what that
is those 47 doesn't buy anything 18 you
can vote 21 you can drink and 47 you can
just keep doing whatever you do just
keep being out of breath once the thing
is that I've let go of any dream of
getting in great shape like it's like a
relief
just because my whole life I've been
like well it's some day I should really
get in great shape now I'm like what why
would I do that it's not going to happen
just to me the bar the level I want to
reach as far as the shape I'm in I just
want it to be so that if you find out
that I died you asked what happened
that's all I want you to wonder what
happened I don't feel like oh he died oh
yeah sure sure he did
sure he did be a bigger newzeas here
though he's still alive shit oh really
oh my god oh my god something's changed
when you get older like I've reallocated
some of the noises that I make like the
noise I used to make when I come is now
the noise I make when I pee
[Music]
take it all bitch
very disrespectful to my toilet
unfortunately yeah you like that don't
you bitch I'm gonna shit in your mouth
do you remember the shitty piss sinking
telling dumb bitch tell it
you ain't intelligent you ain't even
been outside if they're winged me to
shit your face jump piss on your lip
you ain't even special I picked up three
toilets today you ain't shit terrible
awful that's how my dad treated his was
that's what I learned
one time I was having sex with a woman
it was our first time having sex also
turn up be our last time but I wasn't
didn't know that isn't anyway I was
getting I was going to come soon so I
felt like talking about it and but I
didn't know her very well so came out
weird I said ah I'm kill me she's like
What did he say
cuz I was back there what but she had to
go like this
what you saying I want that back there
she knows that I'm always back there but
we're gonna brag about I'm always behind
it every time so don't see me crying
it's weird having sex with the woman
from behind because you don't know
what's going on the whole time I get
kind of paranoid now the whole time she
might be like
[Applause]
[Music]
you
oh my god you guys oh my god thank you
sis you guys you guys did great thank
you
this is what I talk like now just so you
know I'm going to do the whole show like
that really a very offensive stereotype
of a Mexican this is a Mexican had the
borders let me in she said you guys are
dicks in there anyway fuck you America
that's how high up do you think
and the scent I don't know if you are
familiar with people call it a Boston
accent it's not an accent it's a whole
city of people saying most words wrong
it's just a stupidity in a massive
region because my teachers they teach
you to talk like that my teacher my
teacher man's name is Doherty but she
thought her name was mrs. Derry she
mispronounced her own name and it's
daddy
and she give us a taking of a sex ed was
fifth grade we had sex head with myth
dirty that she shown us the diagram
saying this is a painting and this is
the vagina
now dairy in a clause managed you
actually spun up into the vagina and
then wait up a fucking baby comes out as
a vagina
sometimes it's retarded
this was the seventies she's a teacher
said retarded in Boston 170
my dog is retarded she tells everyday I
ever thought she's mentally retarded 35
lived in my house she better be fucking
retarded stick her back up in my vagina
[Laughter]
so I thought it was called a vagina till
I was like 25 and I remember thinking
was like it's a vagina that's like a
thing that vaginas you know like you use
it to the jacket of Vijayan my driveway
I don't know I just kind of enjoying
this new table I just made that would
make a nice table like you make a new
table and you take the 80 grit paper and
you sand it and then 120 and then you go
very honey get up there and just go hold
like one of those Danish tables are like
a oh nice old Italian table this table
is a very smooth because then my wife
has a very juicy boozy vagina the table
and my family we do this for generations
we could shine
thank you thank you very much that's
exciting my nipples are hard right now
they are I just noticed that that kind
of hurts
hello everybody nice to it nice to see
you all my name is Louie
I'm a 42 year old divorced father I got
two kids two girls and it's you know the
hardest part of being a parent really is
just the days that you spend with your
kids that's really ask any parent you
yes parents like is it the worrying is
it saving no it's just the game it's
just everyday wait my kids wake me up at
six o'clock in the morning okay I don't
get up at six before I had kids I blew
off whole careers because I didn't want
to get up like just oh I just won't be
that then and then you take them to
school and then you pick them up take
them home then it's like how early can I
put them to bed that isn't child abuse
like how like 4:00 p.m. putting your
kids to bed is murder because they don't
want to do it they're just laying awake
like just like clockwork oranges I'm so
excited and I just want I just want them
to I want to stop their ceaseless joy
for life so I can go watch Cash Cab and
jack off and pass out that's all I want
I love my kids but I want them to stop
at bedtime so I just wanted to go to
sleep so I can eat all the ice cream in
a house that would break their hearts if
they knew how much ice cream there's so
much ice cream in the house and I never
give it to him it's mine I waited her
sleepin and I eat it in their room in
the dark over their bed
and also I'm a divorced dad so when I'm
with my kids just me and two little
girls and that's a challenge there's
certain things like like we're in the
airport the other day was taking my kids
somewhere in New York and and they had
to go to the bathroom now when kids have
to go to the bathroom you don't get much
warning they don't go hey Dad I kind of
have to go should we start looking for a
place they just go I'm gonna poop in my
pants and t-minus five four three it's
over so you got to find a place now take
yourself through that logically I'm a
man I've got two little girls where I'm
not allowed in the ladies room
I mean not me personally I didn't get
banned I'm just I can't go in a ladies
room because I got a big old penis so I
just hang around I'm not bragging that
it's not big like horny thrusting penis
it's just big like an old man's nose
just kind of like this just kind of you
know like a wobble and just blue it's
really it's big enough setting way you
don't want to don't ever look at my
penis it's awful
also I'm not allowed in the ladies room
because I love looking at people's
vaginas anytime that I have that object
you know it's amazing that we still need
separate rooms to pee in as human beings
men are so disgusting that we can't be
trusted to be in the same room so I have
to take my girls to the men's room which
is awesome look girls nine penises nine
farting men shaking the pee off their
big old penises so I got to push them
past that and then we go in the stall so
I'm his bathroom airport stall with two
little girls all our luggage there's a
guy right here
right here there's the guy in here this
dude I can see his foot he's trying to
get leverage to harder like he's
struggling
[Applause]
and I'm late weekend here and we're
sharing this moment with him he's like
oh he's struggling like he's giving
birth in the 1800s with no midwife just
in a barn just an old country whore
dropping another baby in the in a hey
this is what this wasn't like and when
he broke loose it sounded like like soup
cans and pennies being cooked out of an
old duffel bag and he's this close to my
beautiful daughters little tiny face who
by the way is your brains out this kid
is no princess she is cracking pipe
[Laughter]
so she goes then the other one then it's
my tree I'm peeing I'm trying at the
partner faces it's a challenge that's
what I'm trying to say it ain't easy but
I love my girls I'm trying to stay in
shape no I'm not I have a doc I have a
doctor who told me that I eat too fast
he said you she's slowly because what
happens is when you eat there's a signal
that goes from your stomach to your
brain that says you're full but it takes
that signal 20 minutes to travel from
here so first of all what a douchebag my
body is then it takes 20 what's taking
20 minutes if I stub my toe I know it
instantly and that's twice the distance
what's taking this signal 20 minutes
like hey Ted what's up what are you
doing on my things like dude get up
there we're getting is bad hurry excuse
me yeah hey hey asshole what are you
doing
[Applause]
alright I'm disgusted you enough thank
you very much thank you
[Music]
okay right back with more Lily CK
[Applause]
[Music]
I got a call today my phone rang and in
it and I answered it and I didn't
recognize number I said hello
and the person said please hold for the
president
I was like what and then a voice comes
on sounded like the president any as a
knows who President Obama and I said
that no that's not you and he goes yes
it is and I said no there's no way the
president would ever call me so he goes
all right we'll just hang up and call
the White House and ask for me and
you'll get through it maybe he'll
convince you so I said okay and I hung
up and I googled the White House and I
got like the main number and I called
him said hi this guy was calling me said
he's the president my name is Louie and
she put me through so all of a sudden
I'm talking to the president and I said
what can I do for you and he goes I
don't know what's what's what's up and
he said where are you I said I'm in
Phoenix and he said I heard you're all
fags there I know I know
[Applause]
and I was like first of all Phoenix is
not known for that second Oh who's this
fags like who says just fags and then
beyond that how dare you mr. president
he says so go tell everybody who's gonna
believe you you fat douche and he hung
up I was really surprised
that's what I would do if I was the
president I would just bother people I
wouldn't fly around the country go to
like Wisconsin go to some guy's house at
3:00 in the morning just drink out of
the milk carton so tell everybody just
piss on the floor who's gonna believe
you yeah go tell everybody the president
pissed on your floor at 3:00 in the
morning go ahead give me that would be
the whole point of being president is
getting to do that
but you know you get older and some
things you can't do anymore
something's you don't want to do anymore
that's a nice change you feel some
desires fall away new things make you
happy but some things don't change and
some things I'm sick of like the
constant just the constant perverted
sexual fuck I'm so tired of those just
the condoms make me into an idiot I'm
jacking off the morons in this and hey
look at my kid you just awesome this is
some part of life but I'm sick of it
it's all day - it's just you can't have
a day I just want to be a person and
clothes walking in a storage I just want
to go to library and ask for hi ma'am
I'm looking for a book about early
Abraham Lincoln like when he was about
your hair around like Japanese I'm
trying to talk to her that's really a
male problem it's really a male problem
not being able to control your constant
sexual impulses women try to compete
like well I'm a pervert you don't know I
have really sick sexual thoughts no you
have no idea you have
fucking senior can you get to have those
buds
I happened you're here you're a tourist
in sexual perversion I'm a prisoner
there you're Jane Fonda on a tank I'm
John McCain in the hunt
it's a nightmare I can't say and lift my
arm and bro you know man we just sex is
such a constant thing we do it's not
even sex to us it's just pussy that's
what we call it pussy it's such a
complete nothing to do with women it's
not about girls or chicks like it wasn't
the fifties there's no guys anywhere in
the world thing let's go meet some
chicks and kiss them on the mouth and
see what happens
hmm I sure would like to have a girl my
arm around a girl says means Vanessa
I'd love no it's not if ship would be
we'll see it's not even off with thee
it's not some people pussies it's just
pussy like big pink balloon letters in
front of our faces all the time to men
it's just an element of the universe
like it should be on the chart of an
element next to tend and ammonia put py
with an atomic weight of 12 or whatever
puts the atoms way does that thing is
that for all our obsession about sex and
how much we love it
we suck at it men are terrible at sex
and ever even a curse does to do it well
women just make sex great women are the
good part of sex they accept the dick
with grace and they turn it into art or
they climb on and they ride mean they go
for a ride
men don't we just get we just climb on
wooden we get you shove it you ever fuck
when you're out of shape really
most on the koalas are not strong
we're so bad at sex and then we wonder
why women aren't like really aggressive
about sex we think it's because they
don't have as much desire as we do
that's how stupid men are then we think
there's weird
thus women early fucked up it in hey cuz
they don't want to just fuck all the
time
that was a woman I just fuck everybody
what do they want to fuck all the time I
do of course you do because when you
fuck you just fuck a woman when she's
Marcia to fuck a guy
wisely different experience for a man
100 percent of the time he's fucking a
woman it's the greatest thing that ever
happened in his entire life for a woman
about 40 percent of times he's being
fucked by a guy she's thinking I'll get
over this in a week it's not the worst
thing I'm not going to cry this time
another thing that proves how bad men
are in sex is it after sex you're
looking at two very different people
the man just wants to lay there be cool
and the woman it wants to cuddle some of
the men love to make fun of women for do
is one cold
Sooni I really fucked him swimming
watching gay thinking about Shirley
Lowell
why is she so to me she's not needy you
idiot she's worthy because you did
nothing for her nothing
her body is on fire coz it's going on
fuck completely of course you're fine
you want to include
and she knows she's gone this is bull if
you fuck a woman well she will leave you
alone thanks a lot buddy
you
[Applause]
well you know sexual perversion is the
problem is you can't stop it people got
to do what they got to do and you know
this country is pretty perverted I mean
we have to jack off to everything
there's nothing that just gets there's
not like sex and then everything
affected at everything you watch the
news and there's a woman like Tony in
Libya but yeah we'll talk about Libya
coming on to me yet again come on the
right screen Michael at scream come on
Olivia it should just be a person in
Libya whatever why does it have to all
be so sexualized and music is like
everything is like every musician is
attractive isn't that a weird
coincidence that everyone who can play
music also looks good I would have
thought there'd be like one ugly guy
with a guitar who would be amazing but
fucking zero and there's like like teen
pop idols who are children and they're
on TV like going oh it's a kid and folks
are jacking off to them both well folks
are jacking off do girls on TV
some of them are really young I can't
think I don't know their names I don't
have that knowledge anymore I'm too old
Britney Spears is like when I think of a
teen idol this Britney Spears let's hold
up cuz she's my age now that's how long
ago that was she caught up to me when I
was in 35 she was 18 and now we're both
44 years old so that's how all that's
how little I know about who these people
are
anyway I got a my friend has a little
update I'm a little worried honestly by
the young people with the bathing and
that they just do this and then they
just bake and they just stand on the
corner pump and look at the fucking
thing and I miss you I miss you I that's
what it is I miss you people cuz you
used to stand around like this and I
guess to go fuck that one and that was
okay but now I don't even I'm just
looking at the top of people's heads now
but I didn't realize I'm like my friend
I have a younger friend who bakes and
she told me it's just to kind of like
comedy she's like I barely feel it you
know sometimes it helps me sleep so one
night we're hanging out I'm like I'm
gonna go home and go to sleep let's try
it
I took one little tiny hit and there I
was insane I was completely insane I was
in my house I couldn't even walk past
the window I had to go under the window
but I was afraid of the inside of my own
brain
so I started texting people just being
as just texting I'm so high I'm so
fucking high I'm so high I tested you
know to another frame I'm so high I want
to suck the hot cheese out of my own
dick and get higher that's right bro I'm
not dragging him honey that's what I
wrote and I accepted and then later I
looked at my text and I was like I think
I might ascended to my 12 year old
daughter I think it's possible and I
didn't but I easily could have we need
there now my kids are in my home there
needs to be of some very reliable
firewall that says these numbers are
much harder to text then you can't just
walk traumatized forever versa bleah
so you can go I got to write to these
numbers I have to solve the Hellraiser
puzzle and I have to there's two guys
with the keys that the opposite room to
turn them at the same moment and there's
a warning are you sure you want to send
this picture of your pubic hair to your
ex-wife's mother that's how you want to
break the silence six years since the
divorce this is my pubic hair look at
all of my pubic hair how have you been
I was on the subway in New York system
in another sex story the traveling story
if you ready so I'm on the subway I'm
standing there I wasn't holding anything
I just like this insanely good stand
there I walk around the city like this
hi I'm standing there and from behind me
over here I hear this I hear me that was
like boom okay it's a crazy person I
mean it's not a big surprise in New York
I heard it again good I was like all
right I want to see I want to see the
crazy person
just want to take a look so I look over
and it's not what I expected it wasn't a
big homeless guy with two sets of
headphones don't work or anything like
that it was a young woman she was about
21 she's standing there she's very kind
of nice properly dressed she was very
like Michigan me or something very
suburban e Michigan II kind of thing and
she's standing there with a ponytail and
then also she starts going good she goes
da da da da da da da da da
everybody oh she's like a student like a
singing music student and she's doing
her vocal exercises on the subway you
know what it wasn't charming for a night
it was arrogant and rude cuz she just
has it look like it that's a good I'm
getting music in here sitting and I just
do my thing rather that way every day
nothin is Madison's die every Sunday
nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh not tired nurse who just
did a 14-hour shift
but I'm really glad you're here this is
a sizable crowd this is a big place -
about 2,500 people here and that's
that's a lot of people that's enough
people to be like a sample of the
population 2,500 people is enough people
that you're all going to experience less
there's enough people here to say that
within two months at least one of you
will die I have to say I think it's
probably accurate to say that out of any
random group of 2500 people not all are
going to make it to Christmas but
there's going to be at least one of you
here tonight is going to ruin your
family's Christmas by dying a shitty Deb
and I don't know who it is I'm sorry I
don't know your Devon whatever some
people they want you to do things when
they die with their like I want you to
take my ashes and sprinkle fuck you
wasn't doing none of that shit you're
dead I'm not going to run errands for
you after your set
you don't matter anymore some people try
to do something a you know noble with
their body they try to have their bodies
have some use after they're dead which i
think is a good but you're only
borrowing your body you're only
borrowing everything if your body's
worth anything when you're done with it
you should pass it on that's something I
really believe I mean I'm not going to
do it because I don't want you it's mine
I don't I don't I have a lot of belief
and I live by none of them that's just
the way I am there's just my belief like
just like leaving them I like that part
they're my little bees they make me feel
good about Who I am but if they get in
the way of the thing I want her I want
to jack offers I fucking do that but but
some people thinking about my grandma
grandmother she just for the poor the
layman my grandmother she gave her body
to a medical school so it free to just
be examined and dissected which is a
good pot for that but you know they're
her survivors are her family that was
the person that was my grandmother's
used to wear glasses and say things and
as she just shaved head on a metal table
with a hungover medical student trying
to dig out her pancreas and he gets an F
the masters be in the body
where the kids got an F on you the thing
is like no you idiot any right app on
her kid with a Sharpie prozer down a
chute on a pilot F body
so I don't care about her shut up idiot
shut your fucking mouth
she here newborn
okay so what am I to do in my body I'm
going to die and I got to tell people
what to do with my remains and I have an
idea for something to do with my body or
for other people do with it that will do
good in the world
and it doesn't exist yet as like an
institution but I'm going to create it
starting with my body and what it is
it's a place where you can go and be
with a dead body and you just do
whatever you want and the point is is
that there are people out there who have
sexual compulsions and they can't
control them and so they go and they
bother alive people and this you get it
out of your system this is the deal you
go in the room there's nobody else with
you it you get 90 minutes you just do
whatever you want whatever it is
shooting my mouth you want to take my
toe in your pussy piss on my face
whatever is the thing you got to do jack
off with the cartilage of my ear that
whatever your heart desire I want I want
to be the really Wonka for brewery that
one here you can come on my back at 3:00
I'm your father I said I don't mind
you
I really think white people are from
them like another planet because we like
we came to America it was so nice it was
just Indian and they weren't even Indian
we call them that by accident and we
still call them that like we knew in a
month but it wasn't Indian but we don't
give a shit
we never corrected we came here they're
like hi we're like hey you're Indians
right they're like no now this is your
right not not so totally other places
you're not Indian
no you're in
here and used for hundreds of years
after we ruined everything here this was
the gradient was just coast to coast
green brown and beautiful and all the
humans were just walking around with
penis ages just walking and they'd be
like oh that looks yummy and they just
eat from the ground and then they sleep
on the grass and they wake up and they
fuck and then they go for a swim and do
a little dance that was the whole
continent with just folks doing that I
mean there's people in Mexico cutting
off kids heads and rolling down the
dermis dairy but that I mean that's
that's kind of that's always going on
what do you know you can't you can't do
a whole lot about that
but I think we came from another planet
and the reason is because we don't like
it here
I mean why if we're from here if we
belong on earth why aren't we
comfortable on earth and all we need
nice smooth surfaces and right angles
and we needed to be cool and that's like
why wouldn't when it's hot why wouldn't
we just yeah fuck it why wouldn't we be
like that if we belong here and it's
weird because people people that are
whatever you call the you know there's
environmentalists and then there's
people who or whatever they just are a
hate environmental but that's what
people get angry environmentalists
because they think it's very slowing
down the economy and creating
restrictions and a lot of these people
are Christian a lot of these people are
very devout Christians and that's such a
confusing thing to me but if you believe
that God gave you the earth that God
created the earth for you
one would you not be had to look after
it why would you not think that when he
came back he wouldn't go what the fuck
did you do you motherfucker you crazy
fool around what is what you knew the
polar bear did you shit all over every
small bear what it who did it who built
this shit who's built it come over if
you fucking fill this what is that is
the oil is just some oil I didn't mean
it
well why aren't you taking it out of the
fucking ground because they wanted to go
faster and why not not not fast enough
and I was cold
what the fuck you mean call I gave you
everything you needed you piece of shit
well cuz job one is what is the job what
is explain to me what's the fucking job
you will go like you work at a place and
when people call when their game doesn't
work and you help them figure it out
what are you do that for me for money
what do you need my heart food to be
shit on the floor
I left it on the floor but is worn and
we should brown make some reverie doing
yeah there doesn't it doesn't have like
bacon around it and like I like my head
like like a bacon on it