hello
all right thank you all right faggot how
you doing sorry I called him a faggot
I missed that word you know I I grew up
saying that word and it I mean it would
never meant gay when I was a kid I
didn't I don't know what gay was no I
hadn't been told that people do that I
hadn't no fucking idea
faggot than me yeah when I was a kid you
call somebody a geek is there being a
faggot you know being a braggart me shut
up faggot
and that's supposed to use those for
that shut up faggot didn't mean like I
would never call a gay guy a faggot was
he's being a faggot but not because he's
gay you understand like if I saw two
guys blown each other I don't know why
I'm watching them do it but if I just
have
I stumbled upon a couple of fellas
blowing to one another on their
respective kinesia support over penis
that I invented today
Indonesia I would be respectful to them
I would you know hello gentlemen
whatever you know but if one of them
took the dick out of his mouth and
started acting all faggy and saying
annoying faggy things you know people
from Phoenix or Phoenicians or something
like that
I'll be like hey chef baguette
faggot quit being a faggot and suck that
day that's what I would say to him
I don't know I would never call somebody
a mean name because they're sucking it
because if you can suck a dick man
that's awesome I respect you because I
can't do it I can't do it i haven't
tried and failed I just have put myself
there in my mind I couldn't do it
because I'm afraid that's not the only
reason but that's why if you can suck it
I think that there's a strength in being
able to do that I believe that I don't
believe that blowing somebody comes
easily to anybody even if it's something
that you generally do every new dick
must take something Mattia there must be
something you got to do get yourself
ready you know
[Applause]
wah-wah
here yo
so faggot I don't know a lot of words
that her not bad words no words are bad
but some people start using them a lot
to hurt other people and then they
become bad they become hard to you
there's words that I love that I can use
coz other people use them wrong to hurt
other people like the word cunt is a
beautiful word to me there's just beauty
in that word and I don't
I mean aesthetically it has it's like
chocolatey and round on the ends I just
like them I just like the way it sounds
and I don't use it as an insight min I'm
alone in the laundry oh my god I would
never call a woman a cunt except for my
mom because she likes us for some weird
reason what
it's a very misused word it's supposed
to mean vagina which I don't think works
at all because vaginas are so sweet
they're little pretty things with lily
flower petal Lee lips and I hear a
piccolo in my head every time I see a
vagina even vagina's too harsh for they
should be called like a
there should be a butterfly fluttering
around every vagina all the time just
all the time little butterfly and you go
to the doctor said well the butterfly
looks good so we're good shape then call
it a butterfly how do you look at
something that pretty and say that's a
cunt
it doesn't fit at all maybe if it was a
giant vagina and it was attacking a town
and throwing buses around and knocking
over telephone balls then you could say
somebody shoot that cunt with a bazooka
it's gonna step on the candy store so
faggot con everything everybody has
different words that offend them
different things that they hear that
they get offended by I to me the thing
that offends me the most is every time
that I hear the n-word not nigger by the
way I mean the Edwards literally
whenever a white lady on CNN with nice
hair says is that Edward that's just
white people getting away with saying
nigger that's all that is they found
away dhikr and word it's bullshit cuz
when you say the n-word you put the word
nigger in the listeners head that's what
saying word is you say the n-word like
oh she means nigger you're making me say
it in my head
what are you fuckin Satan's and take
responsibility
goodness shitty words you want to say
just say don't hide behind the first
letter like a faggot just say nigger you
stupid punch I don't know I don't I
don't care
he'll kick my ass I mean all this shit
goes on in my head I don't really you
like I thought the word nigger the other
day I'm gonna tell you this story and it
wasn't racist it wasn't a race even
connotation let me tell you what
happened I went to a coffee place and it
was a cool like a cool Indy car I don't
like Starbucks anymore because you go
there and they don't care anymore they
just press a button and some old lady's
diarrhea comes out they just give us
really so I gonna like a young people
cool coffee plays like my bands playing
notices on the walls it's called like
the howling do whatever thing and the
dude behind the counters got a tight
t-shirt in a ponytail these exude man
and I was like hey could I get a
cappuccino he's like yeah right on
generally like he's amazed that he could
help me like oh yeah I got all this
stuff right here that's awesome
and so he starts making my coffee just
so he worked so hard he ground the beans
just for the that one cup and put him in
the thing and tamp them with his old
thing and you click like and click and
him then he took a milky profit like for
like an hour and they banged it on the
counter why it was awesome and he
scooped it in and put a little cocoa on
it hey there you go then
and I was just blown away and for some
reason as I left there the thought in my
head was that nigger made this shit out
of my coffee for what he wasn't black
that's just what was in my heart for
some reason was that nigger made the
shit out of my coma
I don't care
I'm all sweaty okay
Oh feel good I ate too much and
masturbated to recently you know that
kind of you know it's bad to like jerk
off and run out the door
cuz you run into somebody oh she knows
like you just gotta take some time alone
gonna process the shame and I just I
can't stop you today I weighed myself
today I don't know what why I'm not
using the information it's not guiding
my behavior why am i bothering to find
out exactly how much of a piece of shit
I am I weighed myself and I usually a
hover around to 30 to 40 today to 40 I
wait 240 Alex which is not oh no it's
not okay because there's no way like you
know when you go to a doctor they give
you like a formula for how much your
weight like a rule of thumb it I'm
pretty sure it's not your age plus 200
pounds
that doesn't seem like like I was
watching a boxing match today and the
bolt guy they weighed 110 pounds each so
both of those guys still need a fat baby
in a dead dog to make man and it's
really bad because I'm 40 and my doctors
like you got to be less people you can't
be so much he just told me this is bad
and he starts asking me about my eating
habits you know like there's habits like
there's a pattern it's just chaos and
awfulness
it's just desperate cos he's like how
many meals and how many ball movements a
day I'm like I have no idea I have no
idea it's just a bore
I'm just shitting and eaten all day I
will pack my body to capacity and then
blow it out my asshole that's it every
shit is an emergency does that give you
some idea
of my eating habits and he's trying to
get a handle on my knees like dual okay
look well how soon into a meal do you
typically feel full and stop eating I'm
like I don't stop eating when I'm full
the meal is not over when I'm full the
meal is over when I hate myself that's
nice that's when I stop I guess normal
people eat till they're like oh that's I
just that's all the nutrition I require
right there I just reached it I will
cease the intake now and convert this
into useful energy throughout the day
now every time I eat it ends with me why
the plug to get it away I don't want
look at that shit that's all it's me
right here - it's like I got syrup in my
veins like for blood I got served
it's gonna be bad later oh I can't take
it hurt myself and I'm always just
uncomfortable just sweaty and just like
I this is such a bummer like it's my
nightmare it's my whole life
best thing that ever happened to me was
boxer briefs I'm so happy about boxer
briefs it doesn't seem like a big deal
to most people but before boxer briefs I
was trapped between the two awful worlds
of briefs and boxes brief briefs are for
normal man with one leg here and one leg
here two totally separate legs with a
whole area between and the briefs go up
into this little valley this little area
and I come down like this and they can
just make it just tuck up in there and
just hold them nicely because he's got
all that air and negative space but this
is just all just mashed together just
upsetting sting II red sweaty
just just like this looks like a pig's
ass when I'm David like even my dick is
curly like the tail this is a pig's ass
[Music]
and I pull brief on they just learn here
and they grab my dick and balls
here's your balls fat bastard you're
like that
and they just dig up in there with this
viciously sharp cotton and right after a
while I'd have just this wad of just
damp cloth just a lot of wet cotton just
like the size of a tennis ball like a
huge wad of wet cotton and boxers were
worse because they're just they just let
everything flap around and touch each
other and upset each other I need
everything to be segregated down here I
need it everything would stick in and
just get and also when I had boxers on
for some reason I always had just water
like that like 1/4 cup of water just
sloshing around my asshole all the time
this water is hovering around my asshole
defying gravity - like an upside down
glass of water my ass
I got a managed mic cuz I can't
savy now you exercise a lot I run five
miles every other day to manage it
maintain this shit body that I have
because the food man I like high-octane
crap like the war the other day I got a
Cinnabon do you know what a Cinnabon is
let me explain Cinnabons to those of you
with self-respect who just walked right
by shit like that and have no idea what
dudes like me or you because the line at
Cinnabon is not a varied group of people
it's not all kinds of folks trying out a
Cinnabon
it's not like there's a skinny rich I
need Earl and then a little dude
it's just and no one's happy on the
Cinnabon line no one's like I love these
they can't wait no one's excited to get
one it's all dudes like me or fat or
Santa oh fuck I'm getting a Cinnabon
I gotta cancel that Sheila's gonna do
two because this is gonna be here's what
a Cinnabon is let me explain to you it's
a six foot high cinnamon swirl cake made
for one sad fat man even if you if you
have a vagina you were a man if you're
eating a Cinnabon in that moment it's a
sticky hot bun and it comes with a
little tub of jizzy hot syrup it's not
come there's no way that's not hot dog
how is that not come they should call it
a fat faggot tree just to
just to make us say that when we buck
his Wilson we don't slow us down we
don't give a shit
give me a fat faggotry please
yeah with a hot come dude I don't care
what do you think I have integrity I'm
buying a Cinnabon right now I'm buying a
Cinnabon at the airport that I arrived
at
you understand why that's extra
disgusting right when you're leaving if
you're at your destiny you know when
you're let the airport you're leaving
but you can go like oh I got to eat I
need to food because I might be trapped
in the sky forever and I ever should eat
right now but this is I've landed the
trip is over I'm 20 minutes from my
house where I got bananas and apples and
shit and I'm sitting on my luggage just
fucking eating a Cinnabon for the fork
at night just uh it was a shitty one too
it was old the dude that's the thing he
was about to take it in and close now
sigh give me gave me that give me that
give me that now and he didn't want to
sell to me like these videos please
don't bite don't buy it's cool I was
like dude I'm eating man that's what's
gonna happen next
you decide if we're going to be in the
paper tomorrow but that shit's going in
my face
I already made the shitty decision don't
ruin it just give me the just give me
the jiz oh yes thank you just drinking
the jizz with my eyes closed
Cinnabun jizz a big fat faggot that I am
I am I'm a fat faggot
is the or you are you know I mean I'm 40
now and that's you know I mean I'm 40
I'm half dead basically for you 40 some
weird days you get at this point where
like you're not old enough for anybody
to give a shitty year old nobody's like
I helped a 40 year old guy today and it
felt really good to do something for him
nobody spends their holidays delivering
hot meals with four-year-olds and you're
not young enough for anybody ever be
proud of you or impress they're just
like yeah do your job asshole nobody
cares that's what you're supposed to do
and the world looks eat it like when you
were 40 if you go to the doctor
the doc is what they don't try to fix
anything anymore they stop trying to fix
shit when you get to be 40 they don't
they just go yeah it starts to happen
they don't care
I went to the doctor cuz my ankle hurt
right now if you're 20 and you have a
bad shoulder the doctor will reconstruct
your shoulder through miracles of modern
science they'll take your ear make a
shoulder out of it it's weird but when
you're 40 they just give you no options
they don't care I went because my ankle
like I was limping for like a month out
of nowhere and the doctor he brings me
shows me an x-ray of my ankle he's like
yeah your ankles just just worn out
like what do you mean I injured my ankle
he's like no it's just shitty now just
see that dark area yeah it's all
hardened yeah they get like that and
they're not good anymore I was like well
so just goodbye nothing is there nothing
you're just nothing there's no out it's
like an incurable shitty ankle is it he
goes well there's things you can do you
can stretch for a half hour a day you
should stretch your ankle like how long
will that take to fix he's like no you
just do that now that's just a new thing
you do until you and your shitty ankle
both die cuz I can do this hurts a lot I
think as well you could take a lead just
take a leave you can buy it just take it
and you can take whatever amount it
doesn't matter like don't pay attention
to the dosage look like really is it
yeah you could take 10 a day you'd be
fine he said take 10 Aleve a day I said
I heard that stuff like hurt your
intestines he goes oh yeah it'll do some
intestinal damage after a while
but you just gotta weigh that against
how much you like your ankle not hurting
this is all totally true by the way this
is exactly what happened and at one
point I was like what if I was like an
athlete or somebody goes you're not an
athlete so no to whatever else you were
about to say fleek hard for old people
well I don't have my grandma's 95 she
can't see out of her left eye just shut
off the last time we went steer she
think I can't see out of my left eye and
we're like oh hey what was Christmas
like in the 40s maybe run out the clock
on the eye thing of her lucky you know
so I go to her doctor he's right at the
end of the hall he's there always like
90 feet away from her so they go to the
doctor and I said you know she can't see
out of her left eye at all
and I swear to god he goes well she's
probably got a bunch of tumors in her
head I swear to god that's exactly what
he said I remember because I was blown
away by how none of his education he
applied
- this particular diagnosis he said this
just probably got a bunch of tumors in
her head
he's a Daugherty calling her head
he almost said fucking head I swear to
God like this what he was thinking
talking about the tumors in her fucking
head Oh gives a shit that he'll be dead
in a week I ain't gonna get up with my
death as it were I what does she need
two eyes to see the shitty place you
click on Twitter because you don't love
her enough
I think my ain't there yet I'm halfway
there forty year old guys are not good
specimens either we're not like I have a
friend who has a lot of young
girlfriends he always goes any and there
he goes a little too they're too young
and it's not okay you know he brings him
around you're like dude don't like
literally pointed her face go don't fuck
her that's awful
because and she's like yeah then just
bad you know but so he was gonna have
sex with her one night and he said he
wanted to go all night like you wanted
to really last a long time so he said
I'm gonna drink a lot of milk so I can
have a lot of sex
like who told you that that matter and
he goes well cuz you can come more if
you drink milk
this guy actually thinks that like you
run out of cum but if you drink milk
your body your body goes like oh dude
that's River you just send that right
through that's
nobody'll know the difference go ahead
as an adverb
run out of cumin a pinch milk is fine it
doesn't you know this matter but senator
eight crews sprayed all over his cat's
face whatever he was doing what I'll
come on my cat's face
if she's watching she's gonna get a face
full of cum she knows that by now she
knows her fall now
come on my cat space once shame on me
I don't have a cat I never had one I
mean I would come on a cat's face I'm
not trying to say about trying to take
that back I just don't have an avid cat
I have a dog and I had a dog when I was
a teenager and yeah I did once I I made
my dog like cottage cheese off my balls
which is something you now can't unknow
you just know it I did this and I only
hesitated to start the sentence only
because I wasn't sure whether to say
that I left my dog like how to season
off my balls or that I made him like
cottage cheese and really considering
how much dogs love cheese I think I have
this I made him an offer he couldn't
refuse I think that's highly the fairest
way to put it
[Music]
I remember it so clearly and I remember
the look on the dog's face he was like
are you doing this to us just put it on
a plate why do I have to lick it off
your goddamn balls all right come on
fine let's do it I'm doing it I don't
care look you gotta live with it I'll be
dead in two years I'm a dog this is your
problem sorry I'm being so negative
yes I'm a bummer I don't know I
shouldn't be I'm a very you know lucky
guy I got a lot going for me I'm healthy
relatively young I'm white which thank
God for that shit boy that is a huge leg
up are you kidding me oh god I love
being white I really do cheers if you're
not white you're missing out because
this shit is thoroughly good it but let
me be clear by the way I'm not saying
that white people are better I'm saying
that being white is clearly better who
could even argue if it was an option I
would reappear all y'all take away to
get absolutely everything
stick with white thank you here's how
greatness to be white I could get in a
time machine and go to any time and it
would be fucking awesome when I get
there
that is exclusively a white privilege
white people can't fuck with time
machines a black guy the time she's like
hey the before 1980 no thank you I don't
wanna go but I can go to any time the
year - I don't even know what's
happening then but I know when I get
there welcome we have a table right here
for you sir thank you it's lovely here
in the year - I can go to any time in
the past I don't want to go to the
future and find out what happens to
white people because we're gonna pay
hard for this shit you got to know that
we're not gonna just fall from number 1
to 2 they're gonna hold us down and fuck
us in the ass forever and we totally
deserve it
but for now
now if you're if you're white and you
don't admit that it's great you're an
asshole it is grand I'm a man
how many advantages could one person
have I'm a white man you you can't even
hurt my feelings
what can you really call a white man
that really digs dije cracker well ruin
my day boy shouldn't call me a cracker
bringing me back up owning land and
people what a drag I am married oh that
takes me down a few pegs
the other night my wife sent me to
Walgreens to get toilet paper because we
were out of toilet paper because I had
thrown her doll in the garbage so I
could get out of the house
so I'm driving a Walgreens was nighttime
now driving and then my I see a deer and
fucking hate deer
I hate him because they're everywhere up
there I used to live in the city and I
love deer then because I was as liberal
in the city and I'd see deer you know
you're driving on your friends out to
the country and you see a deer nervous a
creature scared it's just a look at the
beautiful team look at me looks around
it's just so mysterious
gave us a gift everybody just enjoy
enjoy
but I live in deer are in my fucking
yard everyday and they suck they're just
rats with hooves
they don't matter they have dicks that
give you Lyme disease and they shit
everywhere and they make a noise did you
know that they go they're assholes
there's shit animals I go out every
wearing and throw rocks in them and I
try really hard to hit them in on the
head with rocks and they don't care that
yeah I don't care
I don't have a gun but if I did I would
shoot a baby deer in the mouth and feel
nothing I wouldn't feel anything I just
got a look he's dead that's interesting
I guess that's what happens when you
shoot him in the fucking mouth I go out
of my way to kill a deer I would happily
blow 20 guys in an alley with bleedy
dicks so I could get easy then fuck a
deer and kill it with my eggs second I
mean it I mean it so I see this deer and
this is how dumb he's did I get hit him
with the headlights and he does do that
whole thing and then he won't just go
he's like good good ok bye go thank you
I'm like fucking go go dude just stop
and then I got caught and I try to kind
of get away from it then I see him he
looks meaning I
mannix I spread me ran and smashed his
body into my fucking car
like just destroyed my mirror just
shattered my mirror
broke his neck I heard him break his own
fucking neck and then he just dragged
his stupid dear head into the woods and
he died
and I'm glad dead
I was glad right away I got out of my
car I did not yelled in the woods I'm
glad you're dead you fucking idiot
hope your dear wife finds you dead dies
of a broken heart
hope your dear baby starve to death you
broke my Miriam faggot hunt nigger dear
[Music]
so I go to Walgreens going I gotta buy
drugs all the time cuz I got kids kids
are like buckets of disease that live in
your house and you get sick from them
all the time I got sick last week I had
a flu that I caught because my daughter
coughed into my mouth just hit me right
in the back of the throat Mike thanks
honey I'm sick right now I can feel it
already she did this by the way because
she's trying to tell me a secret and she
thinks you tell secrets into people's
mouths she takes her whole face
which is inconsiderate borderline
retarded behavior yes ma'am and by the
way she's five five years old what
secret does she have that I really need
to hear like she's gonna tell me a
secret I'm gonna go holy shit are you
serious oh my god
honey I won't tell anybody that is
fucked up though seriously
she got an abortion on Christmas Eve oh
my god she's fine
five years old you know that means
nothing that she says matters she's
never said anything actually important
in her entire life
I literally put a Miss every word this
fucking kid has ever said and nothing
would be different
everything would have been exactly the
same
I enjoy the things she says they're
beautiful and poetic I love hearing them
but I don't have to fucking hear any of
it and that's an important distinction
if you're a parent you just start making
it because you can't listen to him all
the time
that they're talking because they're
talking all the time and they just talk
whenever they don't give a shit what
you're doing or if it's a good time you
I'm gonna shootout with the cops and
she's telling me all kinds of shit
she doesn't care because she's fight
they don't they're self-absorbed people
they have no ability no five-year-old
ever goes like no go ahead and finish
I'll tell you first point they just
can't and sometimes it's impossible I
like the other day I was in New York
City with my kids I got two of these
fucking things remember that please -
and I'm wearing the crowded streets I
got this one here the two-year-old I'm
Kara she can walk but she won't stab ol
shitter so I'm carrying her and she
weighs like 20 babies this kid I don't
she's tiny but she's got the density of
a dying son I don't understand
how she's this heavy it feels like a fat
raccoon holding a bowling ball that's
what it feels like and the pain in my
shoulder is intense and it's sending
signals to my brain like you don't love
her just drop her she doesn't matter
better die so I'm fighting that on this
side I got the fighter old like this I
hope it's her I haven't looked back in
about just dragging somebody tiny just
through many strangers by briefcase
corners were here in the temple I don't
give a shit I'm in a hurry cuz my
pockets vibrating at my wife's calling
to see where I am even though that she
sent me to do this shit and I'm yelling
in my pocket like she gonna hear me out
[Applause]
and this one is talking the whole time
well wall time with a tiny voice two
feet off the ground what am I gonna
listen to this shit really what am I
gonna take a knee every two seconds with
a sweetie go ahead what's that huh what
excuse me sir go ahead it's fine yeah
yeah sometimes dogs are brown that's
very true
good thinking I'm missing that shit
coming out of your stupid face
kind of a father would I be if I
pretended to listen to that I mare the
first time I daughters had a whole
sentence that was a big deal because she
had never made a whole lot by herself
she just said the little words and I was
doing the dishes and behind me I just
hear she just goes daddy I don't like
chicken
I dropped my plate my wife and I cried
and hugged a big moment week later I'm
making dinner she goes daddy I don't
like chicken will your fucking have it
chicken what he was talking about
only chick I like you okay I don't like
you I like people that make me work I
don't appreciate what I make for them
you don't like chicken I make whatever
the fuck you want then get out of your
shitty little plastic chair and make
your own good
whatever it is you want so much I don't
like check it you like the chicken when
I shove it up your ass cuz that's where
it's going if you don't eat it seriously
I will grind it up in the Cuisinart and
then blow it up your ass for the straws
I gotta feed her she's gotta eat when
your kid won't eat you just go crazy
because you have a physical need to feed
them it's an instinct and when they're
sinners just looking at their food
you're like just fucking it up you'll
die you idiot
eat the food
and I like it it doesn't matter put it
in your face
they have your footprint at the hospital
they know that I have you up not a lot
let you die you piece of shit eat it you
have a Social Security number you're on
the grid motherfucker eat
[Music]
if you're skinny I go to jail to
understand and I love my kids and I die
for them but that my life is fucking
stinks it just does it's what it is when
you're a parent you know you're told all
the pleasures are gone you don't nobody
fucks you ever again that should just
over you don't you you can't sleep you
don't sleep you don't eat you don't eat
meals you just eat at the sink
fast standing up some macaroni and
cheese that she didn't fuckin eat that's
your dinner now with people yelling you
hurry I'm just trying to get those you
don't do anything fun your single
friends like did you see that movie now
I see the fucking movie okay and you
can't even enjoy being a parent because
there's no no pride in it cuz we suck at
it
everybody suck we make huge mistakes and
then you just go whoops permanent damage
there move on I guess my five-year-old
has all these switches and weird fears
am i good luck with that shit honey
that's all my handy
sorry and it gets harder - you think
it's gonna get easier like when they're
babies you think that's the hard part
cuz you got to do everything you got to
feed them you got to put their clothes
on you got to put them in the car you
got to do everything but you think it's
gonna get easier because they're gonna
grow up and do all this shit for
themselves but they're not they're gonna
grow up and be able to but they fucking
won't do it so it's actually easier when
they're babies cuz when they when you
want them to ease is take food and just
shove it in their face you gotta put on
a shoe you just take a foot shoe on it
pull her arms through the sweater
throw in the card the door closed
[Music]
and then you get the parents live for
the tiny vacations from their kids the
little tiny like when you when you put
your kids in the car and you close their
door and that little walk-around to your
own door it's like a Carnival cruise
it's just the greatest
uh and you just stand at your door like
okay fellows bad bullshit was what I say
Fargo's fan everybody
I was changed my daughter the other day
and she's too old for diapers now but
she's still in him it's bad because this
kid does not boot this kid cracks this
is not okay anymore I was change your
diaper the other day it was like a 48
year old alcoholic man shit in her
diaper like she was out all night
drinking Jager
she went to Denny's and got a Grand Slam
ate half of it gotten a fight in the
parking lot and pass out a Pontiac and
shit herself her friends drove her home
with the windows open and dumped her on
my lawn and now I gotta clean it and
it's crazy and you can't even react you
can't go like what the fuck that's
disgusting
hey you'll fuck him up about their own
shit you got to be nice you open our
diaper is just chaos in there it's just
bananas
it's just I've every new every shit
amazes me
I'm never used to it everyone I'm like
okay wow that is what is that you have
been eating diarrhea for a week I think
cuz that's awful and but you can't you
gotta feel like you know you just go oh
wow you really got something there honey
cuz that's really something that's
really okay
well alright let me scrape that off your
knees for you down off your back get all
this hazmat in one place white deep down
clean your tiny vagina at the end who
know that that was going to be my life
I had no idea that my relationship to
the vagina was going to be clean and
shit out of a tiny one several times a
day they don't tell you that when you're
getting ready to be a dad nobody pulls
you aside you know you have to clean the
vagina a lot because every time she
takes a shit it goes straight up or twat
they don't tell you
nobody tells you and they should it's a
big part of being a dead
it's bigger than Christmas happens every
day you got to get it right print it
back very important I'm glad I got girls
though girls are great I I don't want to
clean shit off with some kids balls I'm
glad that's not my job I don't boys feel
weird about them I got nephews they come
over and they play in the sprinkler
naked with a little red Dixon I just
don't like their little penises bother
me I don't know I just get this weird
feeling like they're gonna come over and
fuck my nose or something with a little
bit I know it's an irrational fear but
it's very real to me
I'm gonna fall asleep in a launch here
we go
[Music]
he's put in my home
fuck yeah
control your kids good you there fucking
my nose while I'm sleeping boys are hard
to raise man I have so all my sisters
have boys and I just feel for them
because it's really hard and they really
do
here's the thing though girls are just
as hard to raise but I'm not all at the
level they just they're different here's
the difference to me between boys and
girls boys fuck things up girls are
fucked up that's the difference
boys just do damage to your house that
you can measure in dollars like a
hurricane
girls like leave scars in your psyche
that you find later like a genocide or
an atrocity like my sister-in-law came
over once with her little boy he's like
four years old and she comes over and
she's just she's been with him all day
so she's bad shape she's got a drink
that she's like I can't do that
I can't do it I can't do it anymore and
I put like an army blanket around her
trying to calm her down and then her
little boy walks up her he's got a
handful of sand I don't know where you
got it there's no sand of my home he's
got a handful of it walks up to his mom
and just throws it right in her drink
it's all she had and he just ruined it
really confident - not like this he was
I guess where that shit goes right there
and I was blown away by this because I
have girls they would never dream of
doing that it wouldn't even enter their
heads that a person could do that but
their fucked up like my five year old
the other day she one of her toys broke
and she demanded that I break her
sister's toy to make it fair and I did
that's how much shit she gave me I broke
with a little toy and I fell the awful I
was like crying and I look at her she's
got this creepy smile on her face that's
that's the difference between boys and
girls and it becomes the difference
between men and women really because a
man will like steal your car or burn
your house down or beat the shit out of
you but a woman will ruin your fucking
life do you see the difference like a
man will cut your arm off and throw it
in a river but he'll leave you as a
human being intact
he won't fuck with who you are women are
nonviolent but they will shit inside of
your heart
my wife and I we've been we've been
married for about nine years now so
we're almost done
after nine years or two kids you start
looking into the like nah you just keep
doing this it would do that we went to
therapy for a while and the therapist
was like eat one day he goes that you
should go on a date yeah I'm like fuck
you I'm not gonna go I did go on a date
with my wife
and I don't think I'm gonna call her
again wasn't really fun some things do
get easier is you've been married for a
while you start to understand each other
better and you start looking at yourself
more you spend a lot of your marriage
look at the other person in trying to
change them or figure them out then you
start realizing what you're bringing to
the table you blame them less for shit
you know like my wife will never fuck me
again I know that now
but I just feel differently about it I
used to get mad ease guys she's in
fucked me in months how could she do
that to me now I look at myself and I'm
like how did she fuck me for years she
fucked me for years she couldn't
possibly have enjoyed most of those
fucks which means she took about five
hundred for the team you got to respect
that shit
cuz I'm gonna because it's I think it's
hard for women to have sex if they don't
feel like it it's not a Skelly they have
generally men have it that's just
different with different sexual skills
men can fuck whatever we don't care will
fuck you when if we don't like you
everybody knows that but will fuck you
even if we don't be like fucking you
even if we're not hard oh fuck you give
me a second find a way you don't care
fuck things will fuck a rusty keyhole
nailed to a donkey's ass we don't give a
shit
we are jizz on-demand we just have no we
don't care
women have another skill which is that
they can decide whether or not to have
sex with their minds which is amazing to
me one can decide not to fuck in the
middle of fucking and it's so weird to
me that they can just stop cuz it's some
other shit that distracted them if I'm
fucking you you could show me a picture
of you cut my mom's head off and I'll be
like whoa
hmm
as soon as I come we're gonna have a
talk about that
that's really
because I need to come I need to -
coming is in need I came the first time
when I was 12 and I haven't scripted day
I come every day and I'm fucked maybe 20
times in my life so it's just been me
doing most of the work and I really you
know I jerk off way too much and it's
upsets me I don't know why it is because
it's so selfish I don't know what it is
I know it's bad I know I'm her to
somebody somewhere there's something
wrong with like I was thinking the other
day that you can figure out how bad a
person you are by how soon after
September 11th you masturbated like how
long you waited and for me it was
between the two buildings going down so
I
I had to do it I had to otherwise they
win that's the way I was looking at it
at the time these are the strange time
bro
I know you all waited a whole week
because you're awesome but I just
couldn't do it a boner boner it's got to
go something's gonna happen
ballers just they ruin everything
and I really hate boners I hate everyone
I've ever had I remember the first time
I was nine that's the worst thing about
a little boy's life is that you start
getting boners when you're nine and you
don't come for three fucking years it's
three years of just vicious little
boners they don't go away you just pass
out moaning in a ditch somewhere and you
wake up you're so hard it's awful if you
ever see a nine-year-old boy on the
street just give him 20 bucks because
he's very unhappy or it's like his thing
however you feel like you're gonna help
him out I remember that man I remember
being nine just being hard and not
knowing why or what to do I just would
rub my dick against stuff that's all I
did everything I if I was sitting in
front of a car just press it against the
car oh it's warm from the Sun it's good
I used to run home from school after
school so I could fuck my whole house
basically I would just fuck the house
I'd fuck the walls and the floor if you
have a nine-year-old boy at home he's
fucking your house right now cuz that's
what we do I just fucked that we had a
quarter or a couch that house is my
bitch I fucked it all day just pumping
with no results just frustrated I do
weird things with my pig to like I'd
close it in the refrigerator door I
don't know why I just like the pressure
I like that one side was metal and the
other was at accordion like rubber with
a magnet in it I just put the cold air
on my balls this kids good I don't know
why it's good
I don't know how I ever got laid really
because I was awful at it I still am I
never understood like there's guys they
just have this confidence and they can
like go out with a girl no one to lean
in and kiss her and shit I just I
couldn't I would just go could I fuck
you like I just blurted it out I
remember one night I was with a girl I
was like 20 years old is already doing
stand-up and I did a show in Washington
DC and after the show one of the
waitresses came back to my hotel she was
really cute and we're making out in my
hotel and she's into it she's like
humping me so I start putting my hand up
her shirt and she stops me oh my okay so
then we're making out more and I start
putting my hand on her ass and she stops
me so after a while she went home
nothing happened and then the next night
I started the club and she goes uh hey
what happened last night I was like what
and she goes how come we didn't have sex
I was like cuz you didn't want to she's
like yes I did I was really into it I
was like why did you keep stabbing me
and she goes cuz I wanted you to just go
for it I was like what does that mean
she says I'm kind of weird I get turned
on when a guy just gets frustrated and
just hold me down and fucks me like
that's a big turn-on
I was like what you should have told me
I wouldn't happen he done that for you
she says now it has to feel real and
dangerous like whether out of your
fucking mind you think I'm just gonna
rape you on the off chance that whole
clear into that shit
idiot I'm getting kind of a rapey vibe
from this girl
I suspect you might enjoy being raped
maybe that's her thing I don't want to
ask first ruin it so just take a shot
and Raber what the hell what's the worst
that could happen after all she is but
anyway that's all history sex for me
it's gone it's just me and my wife and
it's sad cuz my wife is beautiful
I love to look at her and I feel for
she's gorgeous she really is she's she
just turned 40 and she looks awesome and
it's not because she looks younger than
40 she looks 40 on the nose but I like
that I didn't know I would but I find it
really sexy I like I like women women
it's a huge turn-on she's got she's
she's got gray streaks in her hair and I
find that sexy I really do she's got
strong arms from picking up the kids
she's strong and sexy on a whole other
level
you know she's changing she smells
different she used to blue eyes they're
black now she's like intense kind of
crazy looking you know
all these lines in her face mothers shit
I did to her you know she's a character
she looks like one of those pictures
from the depression of the Dust Bowl
farmers she's intense I like it it turns
me on
that's what I like now I like women
women women you know girls I'm done a
long time ago 22-year old girls god
bless you go do a shot whatever the fuck
you do fish your time
That's not me anymore I like women and I
know that that's offensive to 22 girl
girls like Hollywood I thought he was a
jazz and I'll and not to me sorry to me
you're not a woman till you had a couple
of kids and your life is in the toilet
that's really when you become a woman is
when people come out of your vagina and
step on your dreams you're still
standing after that shit you are a woman
if your cell go to clubs you have a
ponytail a little dress you're standing
outside of a club waiting to get in is
two degrees you got no jackets a little
dress and it'd be great in there
you're a girl
I wanna give you a sweater to ride home
I don't want to fuck out jerk-off you
but I want to fuck you again with a cur
I do wanna fuck you buddy won't fuck me
so fuck you anyway but I I would totally
fight you but this is the difference
between girls and women and it's not
about age like that's there's a reason
why they call it girls gone wild
you notice there's no women gone wild
because no one would fuckin buy the wild
women DVD because when girls go wild
they show their tits to people when
women go wild they kill men and drown
their kids in a tub that's what wild
women do they don't show their tits to
nobody they fuck with their bras ons all
other things try taking your
four-year-old wife's picture when she
comes out of the shower fuck you get the
fuck out of here
it's not funny she said you thought it
would be cute like - like fuck off
sorry cuz she doesn't have kids anymore
she has breasts that need to be checked
and maintains I get bills for my wife's
breasts that's some grown-up woman shit
right there
girls have the titties with a little
perky nipples and that's awesome but
you're not a woman so you got long
chewed up nipples
[Music]
and you're not a man - you suck one of
those fucking pigs eater by the way
thank you very much thank you
[Applause]
[Applause]
you
you