all right thank you thank you very much
thanks you guys that's very nice thank
you how you doing all right good good
this is good you're out being out is
good yes I don't go out anymore I have a
baby now so I don't go out some of you
have babies but you don't love them so
you're here that's cool
no I mostly just go out with my daughter
I went to the park whether the other day
house at this Park in New York City Park
and they had these no drinking signs at
the park and but it doesn't say no
drinking has a picture of like a martini
glass with a line through it are those
really the people causing the problems
with the drinking of the parks are they
reaching their target audience with a
martini glass really shouldn't it be
like a bottle in a bag with a line
through it you see people at this park
at 4:00 in the morning
I try to go to movies but movies are all
shit now they are they're all shit like
they just have this machine that just
just makes shit I try to see I rented a
movie I rented the Jesus movie where
they beat the shit out of Jesus for a
couple hours
Wow they kicked his ass what happened
what did he ki somebody's Camaro what
did the guy do look I didn't like the
Jesus movie I thought it was a shitty
movie and it's people get offended when
you tell them that like you're saying
something wrong he's like I thought that
Jesus movie sucked and they're like hey
man like what he's not in it like Jesus
cares about Mel Gibson's movie you know
look I was raised Catholic so I know he
did that for me and I appreciate it you
know thank you you should have asked
first you know I would have said I'm all
set I don't need that dog because little
presumptuous only because look here's
the thing I was raised Catholic and I'm
not anymore because they look if they're
right I am fucked I'm going to hell I am
because I'm really a bad I do wrong shit
a lot man it's really I'm going to hell
I know it and I don't want to go to hell
and really because I don't like new
places that's really the reason cuz I'm
afraid I'll go to hell I won't know
where to sign up for shit I'll be all
confused like the first day of school
you know I wonder is there like a
schedule to hell how organized is your
damnation like the first they put you in
one room and some monster fucks you up
the ass for a thousand years you come
out you're like fucking around in there
I tell you I don't recommend that room
that was a drag then they take and they
put you in another room and they've shit
on your hair know what the fuck you're
doing out there but whatever
what if helps not like that what if I'm
just standing in a hallway in hell like
what do I do
where do I go some demon walks up me Hey
and the team is like come on suck my
dick
ah now I'm blowing a demon in hell and
it's horrible I'm thinking I shouldn't
have lied so much or whatever
[Applause]
but here's my question what if when I'm
done blowing the demon in the hallway
which how do you know when you're done
blowing a demon in the hallway
I guess when he comes fire ants on you
or whatever when I'm done blowing the
demon in the hallway what if some guy in
charge of hall walks up me goes hey man
you didn't have to blow that guy you
know he just hangs out here he's not
part of your damnation or anything what
did you blow him for I just assumed
you're supposed to blow people he said
suck my dick so I know so say no what's
so hard about that Jesus look man you
better pace yourself you're down here
forever you're gonna blow a lot of
demons and elephants all kinds of shit
don't be freelancing in the hallways for
Christ's sakes and also you got to die
to go to hell and I don't want to die I
like my life I'm very happy I'm married
and I love my wife I love her very much
my wife hates me she fucking hates me
she hates me so much like that's what
she does like if you asked her would you
do to them I can hate that guy that's
what I did today
I hate Louie she's so mad at me all the
time here's the latest thing the other
day she got really mad she said to me
you know what you did you filled the
dishwasher with dishes you put this open
and you didn't turn it on and I'm like
oh shit
what are we gonna do now but here's the
part where she blows my mind this is
amazing when she gets to this level she
says well why didn't you turn it on like
I have a reason for not telling my mom I
can't I just be stupid can't it just be
that I'm a fucking idiot that I filled
the dishwasher and then I went boom I
walked away I can live with that I'm
cool with that but she says no why'd you
do it which means I decided not to do it
do you know how much more of an asshole
that makes me that means I filled the
dishwasher than I went you know what
fuck her I ain't turning it along she
can suck my dick if she thinks I'm
pressing that on button I'll fill it but
I don't fucking press on not in my own
house why would I do that would be crazy
the thing that she's usually mad about
is simple she says that I don't listen
to her when she's talking and I don't
but it's not because I don't love her
blah blah blah it's because I try to
listen I really do when she talks I just
stare at her face I'm like come on bring
the story but somehow I'm like what Duff
I can't do it I tried because every
story gets divided into 50 stories that
all branch out into these crazy and I'm
like holy shit I've got a TV I can't do
it on my fucking please but I try every
time I try cuz I love this retarded
woman so I try really hard to listen to
her stories other people don't even try
we go to parties she starts talking
people just walk away like fuck this
that lady's crazy
who would waste time listening to that
crap be she can't help it I really feel
bad for cuz the thing is that every word
of this story gets her so excited that
she wants to fucking run with it she
can't just break through and get to the
end or even the beginning this is my
wife telling a story she's like guess
what happened to my mom today on stuff
you remember I told you my mom how she
when she was in college not when she
went to Michigan when she transferred
remember cuz that guy got weird and she
had to leave because he was not the
Iranian guy that was a different story
that guy actually I think he was Persian
I heard that Persia actually split what
the fuck are you talking about pick up
King have some consideration for the
fucking listener I don't do that here's
me telling a story I bought a tomato and
I ate it and it was good that's a story
anyone can follow it's about a tomato
the whole time I like being married oh I
do I really like it I seriously do we're
having sex with my wife and a couple
weeks ago which is amazing that we did
that because we never have sex
never because we have a baby and our
baby's a fucking asshole won't let us
have sex
now fuck that kids a jerk man seriously
every time she's got some urgent shit in
her room Papa come in here I ate a mint
now okay I go in there what's up I need
a pair of pants to put on my pony Wow
holy shit I'm trying to fuck your mom in
there would you give me a break
can a guy fuck your mom for a minute
[Applause]
there is no sex man I had no idea that
marriage just means no sex no I have
friends that are thinking of getting
married and they say funny shit like hey
you know I don't know if I could do it
cuz I don't know if I could have sex
with one woman for the rest of my life
like don't worry about that shit you're
gonna have sex with zero women for the
rest of your life that's a lot less than
one one woman who the fuck you think you
are where'd you get that fantasy I'd
love to have sex with one woman for the
rest of my life any one woman big fat
dead lady with a beard I'd fuck her
every day I'd be proud to have her
that's not usually my problem these days
my problem is very simple it's trying to
find a place in my house where I can
masturbate without somebody bothering me
and that's really difficult there's
nowhere to go anymore she's got her
mother staying with us two in the guest
room and I'm on the streets now I got
nowhere to go like now I know when I see
a guy in the West Side Highway jerking
off in plain daylight that's not I'm
homeless guys it's a married man right
there he's got nowhere to go fucking
fuck you go ahead and look man I got
that night what am I gonna do
[Applause]
it's not fair man I'm 37 and I own my
home I should be able to just stand in
the living room how you doing honey how
about good morning but I can't I gotta
hide I'm down in the cellar by the
boiler like a troll down there just
fucking miserable as shit that's what
it's like masturbation doesn't bring
much joy to guys women seem to like
masturbating they put flower petals on
the pillow they're like Oh me or
whatever you know my guys are like ah
shit never gonna damn it sometimes you
find ecstasy but it's followed by the
deepest self hate and depression you've
ever felt it's an amazing drop way up
here to this like oh yeah
the fuck is wrong with me god damn it I
gotta get to work I don't have time for
this shit right now
[Applause]
but then you get married now you got to
hide and you have to you have to hide
because when your wife catches you
masturbating that that's sad for the
whole family that's not not a good
moment in a marriage she comes in the
cellar oh my god and then she always
wants to know shit about it always asks
me stuff my wives like well do you think
about me when you're doing that what are
you fucking high why would I do that I
can think about anybody that's magical
fuck what I am married to you what do
women really think their husbands are
going on my wife oh yeah that's fucking
hot oh yeah you can rough at the airport
getting yelled at Ana's fucking high
yeah put it in the hamper not on top you
idiot oh I love when she talks like that
yeah but you know whatever we're a
family we have a kid that changes
everything that's the whole thing the
kid is everything marriage is nothing
without a kid marriage is dating it
doesn't mean shit and you don't realize
it till you have a kid here's what
happens when you get married you go holy
shit I can't leave now I mean I wasn't
thinking of leaving but now I really
can't leave then yeah but kiddin you go
holy shit
I could have left
[Applause]
we could have left my candor was right
there now I can't go you're not a kid
now I love my daughter it's a lot of
responsibility that you never think
about they'll like you got a name your
kid that's a big deal right there you
know what's amazing to me you can name
your kid anything you want
isn't that incredible there are no laws
there should be a couple of laws none
you can literally named your kid
anything you can name your kid a name
with no vowels if you want like just for
TF that's his name don't clean your room
[Applause]
some people name their kids a word like
sunshine or battery or whatever I'd like
to name my kid a whole phrase you know
something like ladies and gentlemen now
be a cool man sir this is my son ladies
and gentlemen then when he gets out of
hand I get to go ladies and gentlemen
please but you got to be careful what
you named your kid you'd have to be
careful because what happens is other
kids in school are gonna make fun of
them
they're gonna make fun of their name and
you don't have to give a weird name
because they can do it with any name
kids are geniuses at that anything they
take it they go Louis screwy
Joey blowy Mike your mother's a dyke
whatever they find a way these kids any
name with it what's your name Eric you
fucking asshole see just like that
lightning speed these kids got what's
your name Joe eat a bag of shit cunt
face you see just like that he got that
all through school and cried like a
pussy it's not gonna happen to my little
girl my daughter is really something
else man she runs the house she runs the
whole house she decides everything like
we were playing hide and seek the other
day we play hide and seek and we play by
her rules that she invented and do you
know why because she sucks at
hide-and-seek
and so she covers it with his fucking
roofs to level the playing field and I
gotta fucking pretend it's all that
she's great no it's bullshit like we're
playing oh fucking I know she's a kid
but fucking listen
[Applause]
when it's my turn to hide she tells me
where to hide she tells me where she
goes hide in the closet Papa but you're
gonna know where I hide the closet all
right fuck I'll hide in a closet good
fine and I'm standing in the closet like
an asshole she comes in I found you
she's like shitty about it like I found
you and I'm like wow how did you figure
out where you told me to fucking hide
and then when she hides this is her
hiding she goes over to a wall and does
this she goes that's it there's nothing
here
what the fuck is this like this is some
ninja invisibility Crouch and I gotta
act like Annie I can't just walk in ago
yeah you're there cuz she'll cry and
shit her pants right so I gotta walk
around like an asshole where could she
be
I'm making eye contact I don't see her
it's amazing to me the other day we're
playing this is how things have gotten
in my house okay here's a very good
example of how where it's gone we're
playing a version of hide-and-seek where
my wife and I have to decide together
where to look she likes that she's like
mommy you tell Papa where to look okay
we'll fine so she's over there hiding
like this just in plain sight and my
wife and I my wife's like why don't you
look under the bed like okay
she's not there then she says why don't
you look in the linen closet okay so I
open the closet that's not the linen
closet we don't put that in there okay
so I look at why would she be in that
closet has shelves she can't stand in a
shelf well maybe she scrawled in a shit
now we're having a fight about where to
look for this fucking kid who's standing
right there
she totally runs the house we're at I
remember Halloween last year a couple
days before Halloween my wife comes up
to me and she's thinking we have to get
you a cat costume no no we don't
actually no we do because she thinks
you're gonna be a cat it's like she's
got a she's a guy with a gun in the
other room that's what it's like you're
gonna be I don't know how she got it in
her head but she's expecting to be a cat
holy as well tell her to go fuck herself
cuz I'm not doing it I'm not afraid of
her she's too I'll fuckin fight her I
could take her I could beat the shit out
of thousands of two-year-olds all day
just walk around they would never even
gang up on me they suck I'm not afraid
of her
so my wife decided that she wanted to
get pregnant again she decided it and
she this is back in August she told me
uh you need to be in town next week why
because I'm getting on you know I'm
ovulating so like not do you want
another kid just be in town that's how
she handles it another kids so fuck it
and she's like alright next week she
starts blowing me right now she hasn't
blown me in Jesus I don't know if I've
ever been blown that's how long it is
she's blowing me on the day she's
ovulating I'm a fucking idiot I'm like
yeah you love it like I think she picked
me now
[Applause]
and stupid so she's having another baby
any day now she's due and uh it's true
[Music]
no no it's great
fuck it fuck it that's really the
attitude that keeps a family together
it's not we love it is fuck it man fuck
it fuck it another kid fuck it why not
let them all in
good I'll get but the problem is we have
no fucking money I don't know where she
thinks the money's coming from we're so
broke I'm so sick of being broke I'm
broke all I'm just always just keep
digging this hole and most people are
broke - that's the thing this country's
just everybody's broke that's why I
don't look I don't like George Bush but
I didn't like Kerry either because
they're fucking both rich and they don't
get it they don't know what it's like to
be poor let poor people know what it's
like to be rich they know exactly what
it's like because they fantasize about
it constantly
every poor person has their whole rich
life all planned out every detail I'm
gonna have a house made of chocolate and
people are gonna blow me as I walk in
each room they're gonna be waiting I'm
gonna wipe my ass with live rabbits and
throw them out the window
you know hordes out but rich people
don't fantasize about being poor why the
fuck would they do that I don't have to
take the bus everywhere yeah I've always
been poor my whole life away if I can
never had any money and I know I don't
care I don't give a shit but you know
there's a lot of people that are poor
now like you I was driving through
upstate New York
and there's people up there man their
lives are just shitty like you ever
drive through a whole town and you're
like what did this shit bomb go off in
this place what happened everybody's
life sucks in the whole town
and you can tell cuz you're just
standing in front of their houses like
there's a bleak and a lot of people call
those people white trash and I love that
expression white trash because it's the
only racial expression that you can use
and nobody gets offended nobody gets to
shit when you say white trash nobody
goes hey you don't talk like that about
them that's not nice
nobody defends white trash you can be
talking the most liberal hippie in the
world your hair saw this guy he was
white trash he'll go haha fuck that guy
white trash loser
no I don't know I just want to be a good
dad raise my daughter and it's a
complicated country people get angry
they don't everybody hates gay people I
never understood it anger towards gay
people because a person being gay
doesn't affect your life so it's weird
to me that people just like they're in
their homes going oh people are gay damn
it
what are you here I can understand
hating gay people of say like your
mowing your lawn and two guys are
blowing each other right on the grass
yeah I got a cut around you faggots
every Sunday I'm sick of this shit or
say you're eating your breakfast in the
morning and you're about to put your
spoon in the cereal bowl and two guys
touch dicks right in front of ya
[Applause]
I got I get to work I don't have time to
dodge your dicks with my spoon fucking
homos get out of my kitchen
I hope I'm a better parent than my
parents were my parents were not good
parents my parents here's a typical
example my parents this is a true story
I swear to God my parents sent me to
summer camp when I was in third grade
it's a good idea right but they didn't
look into the camps they just chose one
out of the phonebook randomly and I
swear to god this happened I get there
it's a camp for all retarded kids I
swear to God
I went to camp retarded kids I swear to
god I'll never forget the moment I
arrived I looked around and I realized
holy shit I'm retarded I didn't think I
was but I must be how am I the only kid
who's not this is how they chose to tell
me this is it
just sentim that it can't fucking he'll
figure it out he's retarded he's not
stupid I loved it there was great
everybody's nice every game is its high
just gold medals for everybody it was
awesome here's the thing I never never
never never judge other parents now I
never do I used to but I never do like
you know when you see a mother in
McDonald's or someplace or in a toy
store and she's just melting down and
her kid she's like shut up
I hate you you're ugly
and people standing around all my
goodness she's a horrible mother well
guess what those people aren't fucking
parents they don't have kids because any
parents who are in that store thinking
what did that shitty kid do to that poor
woman that poor woman I wish I could
help because you don't know man you
don't know but like when you see a
parent that seems to be negligent like
you're in you see a parent in McDonald's
with the kid and the parents like I
can't take this shit anymore interesting
collapsed and all the shopping bags are
just strewn everywhere and the kids
happy the kids eaten french fries and
the kid asks a question like mama why is
the sky blue and she's like just shut up
and eat your french fries and you think
what a terrible mother why doesn't she
answer her child when I have a child I
will answer all of their questions and
open their minds to the wonders of the
world well guess what you don't know
what the fuck you're talking about you
can't answer a kid's question they don't
accept any answer a kid never goes oh
thanks I get it they fucking never say
that they just keep coming more
questions why why why well you don't
even know who the fuck you are anymore
at the end of the conversation
it's an insane deconstruction it's
amazed my daughter the other day she's
like Papa why can't we go outside well
cuz it's raining why well water's coming
out of the sky
why because it was in a cloud why
well clouds form when there's vapor
why I don't know I don't know that's I
don't know any more things those are all
the things I know why because I'm stupid
okay I'm a stupid why well because I
didn't pay attention in school okay I
went to school but I didn't listen in
class why cuz I was high all the time I
smoked too much pot why cuz my parents
gave me no guidance they didn't give a
shit why cuz they fucked in a car and
had me and they resented me for taking
their youth why because they had bad
morals they just had no compass why cuz
they had shitty parents it just keeps
going like that why cuz fuck it we're
alone in the universe nobody gives a
shit about us I'm gonna stop here to be
polite to you for a second
but this goes on for hours and hours and
it gets so weird and abstract at the end
it's like why well because some things
are and some things are not why well
because things that are not can't be why
because then nothing wouldn't be you
can't have fucking nothing isn't
everything is why because if nothing
wasn't there be fucking all kinds of
shit that we don't like giant ants with
top hats dancing around there's no room
for all that shit why I'll fuck you eat
your french fries you little shit god
damn it thank you very much everybody
[Music]
[Music]
Papa creeper outside
no why because it's 5 o'clock in the
morning it's too early why the Sun
hasn't come up yet
I don't know why don't you know papa
because I didn't pay attention in school
okay I didn't listen because I was high
on time
[Music]
I just wanted to do a funny show so I
felt like if I can just do what I do
onstage doing stand-up in scenes with
other actors as long as there's not Ian
I'm comfortable what we're doing here is
trying to sort of funnel a sitcom
through the head of louis c.k
we can add a little bit more to what I
say to the guys about how to discuss
that I would did it here what I mean and
when it gets through that filter it
comes out different than maybe what you
might see somewhere else why do you why
so she won't know what a piece of shit
she's married to more for her it's
unlike any other project I've seen this
past season and it's risky and I'm
attracted to risks when you first start
out you think wow a sitcom is great and
then the more you go on auditions the
more I found that most sitcom scripts I
read were just repulsive they didn't
make me laugh and then you get something
like this the script it immediately I
realize like this is really funny
meeting the cast would you like to meet
the cast okay
playing the part of uncle Jerry is Rick
Shapiro give them a hand Rachel Pierrot
to me uncle Jerry was a groupie uncle it
was almost like the one role I let be in
the show that was like a traditional
sitcom and then for some weird reason
these casting people brought in all Rick
Shapiro who I've worked with a thousand
times like Rick really and then I
watched the tape and he's doing this
weird kind of sad tragic brother-in-law
who's just misplaced person who's trying
to be part of the family and I just he
broke my heart I was like god that's
just not what I saw and it's perfect in
their mind he's a rhetoric but he's a
visionary and he sits alone in his
apartment in flames miserable with
nothing but he's got great thoughts I
don't you said only princesses you are
invited and then we have Mike Haggerty
who plays Mike Mike agony
[Applause]
Mike Mike claims my boss in the muffler
shop I'm his boss and I guess his friend
/ you know father figure I mean I give
him advice sometimes my wife Tina and I
we have a very good relationship
basically based on honesty - your place
is white people are high but I think our
secret to marriage is we have sex all
the time
we never talk we just fuck Jim Norton
plays rich in the head
is my other friend on the show he's the
deals drugs to high school kids I'm just
a horse's ass basically a pervert who
lives at home with his mother in his
thirties I'm a pot dealer
I'm just basically a shithead as a poor
dresser who contributes nothing and my
whole job is to smash Louie I mean
that's all I do is just say awful shit
to loi about Lily and it's just it's
there's no better gig for a comic who's
left I'm fucking Jerry minor plays
Walter across the hall Jerry minor is my
neighbor I think at the beginning of the
series I've just moved in and I think it
becomes very obvious that we're the
first black family that's Tosun Louie
his wife Ellen is played by Kim
Hawthorne how about I advocate maja all
right she's very uptight and it's
constantly being annoyed with Louie and
all of his mishaps Kelly goes to place
my daughter Lucy Lou has a really hard
time anything Kim and I'm just and my
character Lucy just a mini Kim so he
hasn't even harder time telling with me
Kelly who plays my daughter she's
unbelievable because if you throw
something else at her she'll just go
with it
I mean she's just seven years old and
she's like a total genius and Pamela at
LAN plays Kim my wife
[Applause]
the best part is being able to play a
character who's really like my own self
being able to be a mom and drop f-bombs
you fucker
and just have real raw uncomfortable
situations and hear how the audience
responds to it oh please you don't want
to eat this hydrogenated oils whole crap
this is real married life to me couples
look like me and Louie it's about a
guidance in a family let's go
he works in a muffler shop a dead-end
job he's not even a mechanic and his
wife is a nurse so she's got an actual
profession and since her job has
benefits and real pay she's the one that
works full-time it happens in a lot of
families I knew it would be strange
because of Louie I been a few of his
short films well you gotta seduce the
bastard you get you can you can't let
him make the choice it's up to you you
gotta just grab them then just squeeze
and hold of you so much
me it's just just the honesty and I
think that comes from a lot of his own
life people's a lot of his life into the
series and you can tell what's funny
about people is that they're flawed that
they're jerks or they're silly people
sad those things are funny to me when
people are miserable religions are all
bullshit for a bunch of nitwits who
don't want to admit that we're all just
a bunch of slimy fish who grew legs for
morons who can't accept the fact that
there's no gun I haven't invited my mom
to any of the tapings yet the one taping
I was going to invite her to they added
a scene and I went I don't think she's
coming to that one Ellen who are you
fucking
when I'm not around
[Applause]
thing I like about the show is that
we're performing it for an audience it's
live comedy and that's what a sitcoms
were that I loved when I was younger so
I wanted something that felt like that
like you can see that the actors are
stopping to stop and stand there because
people are laughing too hard for them to
continue listen the bathroom above you
is busted so you might get some shit in
your toilet that's not yours
don't flush it because we're trying to
track it this show it's like doing a
play every week I mean there's a nice
hybrid of between this and theater then
I come from a theatrical background so
it's you have a live audience you know
so you get the response right away the
audience tells you whether it's working
or not we have to have our party we take
the bus all year long we never eat out
we share deodorant this is the one thing
that we do right all year long and now
we can't even have that so what does
that make us well we still got each
other
fuck that shit I'm gonna get thrown from
the audience general you've gone too far
but sometimes those groans are great
they're fun I come from stand-up there's
we have a lot of stand-up comedians
either who are cast members or who are
writers and so a lot of us are very
familiar with that kind of performance
and they bring a unique energy
especially when the audience is in do
you put an audience and a stand-up in
the same room it's it's magical you feel
like you're trying it out and it's just
more fun it's like it's just great
seeing people there you know the girl
with a band-aid over I went up to me
saying you have a girlfriend I don't
mean to be rude yeah it's hard but
acting to me is like it's scarier
because as a stand-up I know how to bunk
and I've done a million times every
comic and when I'm bombing you go now
with dignity I think they know how to
get laughs they always know how to get
laughs they've spent years developing
character on stage and the ones who rise
to the top our excellence they're just a
sitcom character comes to you fully
formed I mean what am more can you ask
for the only disadvantage to a live
audience is if you blow the joke well
for that take it's blown because they've
seen it sad yeah you should learn the
lines was that like a really insightful
thing into acting though I just said you
should learn the lines fucking asshole
because we don't have the restrictions
that the network's have were able to
examine different situations
I just got off a double shift seriously
release the doves we can sort of explore
the darker side of comedy we've been
pushing the envelope all week pushing
the envelope doing the same shit Milton
Berle bit in 1941 never been some
scripts that I haven't been in that I've
been really glad I have a minute you
know oh it's my Catholics going on as
well I think it looks different than
anything that's ever been on HBO a lot
of HBO shows are very slick and
wonderful and cool and funny and
award-winning and we're just pigs and
shit hoping me hoping we can make people
laugh all I'm really focusing on is this
audience that walks in on that night
having really dig in the show and we
recording those big laughs sometimes I
watch him while things are going on and
I must think wow this guy is really
living his life's dream I laugh at the
show I hope other people after the show
and it's I think it's you know I can't
wait to live on to see what happens
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
[Laughter]
the day you get married you realize shit
I can't leave now I mean I wasn't
thinking of leaving but now I really
can't leave and then you have a kid and
the moment the kid arrives you realize
shit I could have what no why because
it's five o'clock in the morning it's
too early the Sun hasn't come up yet
I don't know because I didn't pay
attention in school because I was high
all the time