to people who don't know who I am so am
i special
that's bullshit all right everybody this
would be fun
I salute here in Los Angeles on Sierra
Bonita and I had an apartment and I had
a neighbor and whenever he would knock
on my wall I knew he wanted me to turn
my music down and that made me angry
because I like loud music so they
knocked on the wall I messed with his
head I'd say go around I cannot open the
wall I don't know if you've been doing
out on the other side
over here there's nothing it's just flat
all right man I gotta do a half-hour you
gotta like me more than that
I can't be getting through a half hour
with that kind of action I like an
escalator Mac because escalator could
never break it can only become stairs
[Applause]
there would never be a escalator
temporarily out of order sign only an
escalator temporarily stairs sorry for
the convenience I'm gonna take it out
tonight boy I'm gonna get who loose take
another to me being loose I read a lot
of cars you know cuz I go on the road
everybody cars and when i drive a rental
car I don't know what's going on with
you right so a lot of times I Drive like
the ten miles with the emergency brake
on that doesn't say a lot for me but it
really doesn't say a lot for the
emergency brake that's really not an
emergency brake it's an emergency
make the car smell funny whenever
[Applause]
you know you can't please all the people
all the time and last night all those
people who are at my show do this show I
had to like take a physical they asked
me a bunch of medical questions and they
were like yes and no questions but they
were very strangely worded like have you
ever tried sugar or PCP
but I was standing committee got into
comedy to do comedy which is weird I
know but when you're in a Hollywood in
your community and everybody wants you
to do other things besides comer they
say alright you're a stand-up comedian
can you act
can you write write us a script they
want me to do things that's related a
comedy but not comedy
that's not fair it's as if I was a cook
and I worked my ass off to become a good
cook I said alright you're a cook can
you farm I planted a carrot once but
when you do comedy you have to start
strong and you have to finish strong
those are the tricks right you can't be
like pancakes all exciting at first but
then by the end you're sick of them
I think comedy for a fundraiser once we
were trying to raise money to buy one of
those machines that shows how much money
has been raised this shows going all
right I guess it's time to feel it out I
want to buy a candle holder but the
store didn't have one so I got a cake
man y'all gotta get into my bills harder
don't forgive me that applause later we
need you rollin with it
I have 21 minutes left I'm I rock to
show them what to a concert in New York
City a heavy metal band called Monster
Magnet they were heavy boy the singer
had no shirt on and leather pants and he
was planning like a Flying V guitar and
he stood on the monitor and he yells at
the crowd he said how many of you people
feel like human beings tonight and then
he said how many of you people feel like
animals and things everyone cheered
after the animals part but I cheered
after the human beings part because I
did not know there was a second part to
the question
[Applause]
I'll say yes I do feel like I'm human I
do not feel like a tree I don't have a
girlfriend I just know a girl who would
get really mad if she heard me say that
and applause break over my infidelity
I've had 4-h Testament there the age
test is very scary to get it doesn't
matter what you've been doing waiting
for the results is frightening so I
don't get the regular AIDS test anymore
I get the roundabout AIDS test I call my
friend Brian I said Brian do you know
anybody who has AIDS
no cool cos you know me
I got into an argument with the
girlfriend inside of a tent that's a bad
place for an argument cuz then I tried
to walk out and slam the flap how are
you supposed to express your anger in
this situation zip her it up really
quick I'll walk around a little bit
loosen up you know that was just about
the first part of my segment right there
I'm gonna go back here for a minute
perhaps the show will work better if I'm
closer to the back I'm gonna do an
entire special not facing the camera
I must see how this plays
I like to drink before the show I have a
couple of drinks before I go onstage
every time people applaud I'm always
going now
no in a hole oh that's dumb my magic
school he gets concerned he says Mitch
don't use liquor as a crutch
I can't use liquor as a crutch because a
crutch helps me walk liquor severely
screws up the way I walk it ain't like a
crutch it's like a step I didn't see but
alcoholism is a disease but it's like
the only disease that you can get yelled
at for having
[Music]
provocative damn it Otto you're an
alcoholic
dammit Otto you have lupus one of those
two doesn't sound right I want to be a
race car passenger just a guy who bugs
the driver say man can I turn on the
radio you should slow down well we got
to keep going in circles
man you really liked I play golf I'm not
good at golf I've never got good I never
got a hole-in-one but I did hit a guy
and that's way more satisfying you're
supposed to yell for but I was too busy
mumbling there ain't no way that's gonna
hit him
I bought it doing it and they gave me a
receipt for the doughnut I don't need a
receipt for a doughnut I'll just give
you the money you give me the doughnut
and the transaction we don't need to
bring ink and paper into this I just
cannot imagine a scenario where I'll
have to prove that I bought a doughnut
some skeptical friend don't even act
like I didn't get that donut I got the
documentation right here
[Applause]
always back home in the fire under deed
for donut we all know what these I'm
just trying to be pleasant on TV my Ma's
watching later I like baked potatoes man
I don't have a microwave oh but it takes
forever to cook a baked potato their
conventional oven sometimes I'll just
throw it in there even if I don't want
one by the time it's done
who knows I throw a potato in and go on
vacation my friends do this me my friend
came up to me he said this he said hey
you know what I like mashed potatoes
sigh dude you got to give me time to
guess
[Applause]
you're gonna quiz me you must put a
pause in there that's how I go to like a
craft fair I see you I see you John
jelly beans I said guess how many jelly
beans are in the job and you win a prize
oh come on man let me just have some
I'll tell you what you guess how many I
want you should have half for you all
right except everybody is a special fuck
the Mitch Hedberg not so special
whenever I hang around a group of
friends I try to make sure we hang out
clockwise that way April photographed we
are easy to identify
Yankee that one it it I don't know why I
do it I just have this thing in me that
won't let me drop it I have two sisters
and one of his name went in if you asked
one day if I was weird she'd probably
say yeah but that's backwards cuz she's
weird
because she has like a husband and two
children and they have a family photo on
top of their VCR well they're all
looking slightly to the left and so
something's going on over there the
camera is right in front of you but I
guess something happened to the left and
me everybody happy
said my sister is cross-eyed so she
can't quite pull it off
one eye is right on
I had a roommate his name was Eddie and
then it was slow on the mental draw I
was writing a letter I had a problem I
said Ed how do you grieve a Arkansas he
said I don't know just start spelling it
then quick like we had a refrigerator
with the hard-boiled egg inside after a
few days the shell started to crack
ladies first comment was man this guy is
a survivor like you're walking on the
street with Eddie and a car pulled up to
you two guys got out with ski masks and
guns and said get in their car we're
gonna kidnap you anyway that's a shotgun
I live in the backseat of the other
kidnapping he called it last time I
called shotgun we had rented a limo so I
fucked up
[Applause]
I'm just trying to be likable over here
now I have to be likable it's not about
likability really what's that cocina
I'll stand by the door
a security guy came over to say you're
gonna have to move you're blocking the
fire exit his oh if there was a fire I
wasn't gonna run if you're flammable and
have legs
you are never blocking a fire exit
I loved as soon as I liked to gamble you
know whenever they advertise it to see
them like a bill boy they'll feel like a
guy wouldn't money like a guy holding
bags with a money sign on but that's
what happens at least it's false
advertising perhaps when they advertise
a hamburger they should show a guy
choking this is what happened once I got
my hair highlighted because I thought
some strands were more important than
others
I hate turkeys if you go to the grocery
store in Senate for the lunch meat
section for too long you start to get
pissed off at turkeys you see like
turkey ham turkey pastrami turkey
Bologna somebody needs to tell the
turkeys man just be yourself
[Applause]
how would it like another brother you do
not need to emulate the other animals
you got your own thing going I used to
draw you know if you had a couple of
fingers missing you draw screwed-up
target that Turgut was in an accident
here if I have not enough fingers
missing
I wouldn't type any slower I type 101
words a minute but it's in my own
language I used to do drugs
I still do what I used to do
about once every three years I think
about buying a yo-yo I'll be at the
store and I come upon the yo-yo section
and I'll fantasize about mastering it to
the point where it becomes a reference
as to who I am do you know Mitch heaven
is he that guy who kicks ass on the
yo-yo yes I do he is cool I've got a lot
of bars we're going to roll up bars have
black legs so when the bar has black
lights
everybody looks very cool except for me
because I was under the impression that
the mustard stain came out when I'm off
the stage I don't talk very much I'm
pretty quiet right and I hang around
here we'll just talk non-stop I saw they
do the talk talk talk I can't get a word
in edgewise and when I do I usually say
something like hey man you want some
taffy
you know get that job I got for y'all go
get half my shit
what's up whatever special all right
you know I'm just trying to roll with it
I suppose the guys occasion I don't know
a lot about cigars play my up the cigar
store the man mahanakhon so what kinds
of guys do you like ah it's a boys
I was at my house minding my own
business no one was talking to me
because I just did a show this guy
bothering me which is cool but he didn't
apologize he said move I thought that
was rude so I said go to hell then I
started to run he caught up with me he
had a moustache a goatee a pair of
earrings a pair of sunglasses and his
hair was in a ponytail he was wearing a
hat you say hey you got a lot of nerve I
say hey you got a lot of cranium
accessories this is a smart crowd when I
play the dumb crowds I have to say you
got a lot of shit on your head
I'm gonna get a little personal towards
the last part of the same I'm gonna do
I'm gonna do it from a sitting position
we have birds sitting on the stage y'all
personal you know people flip it around
his channels and see what the hell
what's never doing just sitting down
telling jokes passin was my favorite
door acid open up my mind it expanded my
mind I know that butter is way better
than margarine I saw through the
bullshit when I was on acid I would see
things like beams of light and out here
sounds that sounded an awful lot like
car horns
[Applause]
when we're on acid we're going to the
woods because when during the woods trip
when there's less like a chance he runs
to an authority figure but we ran into a
band that was even more of a buzzkill my
friend Dewayne was standing there
raising his right hand swearing to help
prevent forest fires
we got him away from the bear he put his
arm around my shoulder he said Mitchell
smokey is way more intense in person I
[Music]
went to England to tell jokes and I
wanted to do my smoke at the bad joke in
England so I had to ask the English
people if they know smokey the bear was
but they don't because in England Smokey
the Bear is not the forest fire
prevention representative
they have smacky the Frog it's a lot
like a bear but it's a frog nothing
that's a better system I think we should
adopt it because bears can be mean but
frogs are always cool it never has a bit
of frog happened for me and I thought
man I better play dead here comes that
frog I've never said here comes that
frog in a horrifying manner it's always
like optimistic like hey here comes a
frog alright maybe you will set them
near me and I can pet him and put him in
a mayonnaise jar with a stick and a leaf
to recreate what is used to
[Applause]
now certainly have to punch some holes
in the lid because he's damn sure used
to air and then I can observe him and he
won't be doing much in his 16-ounce
world I like to talk about the
differences between frogs and bears
I know it's cliche like when there's a
frog around I don't have to hang my
sandwiches from a branch a frog knows
they are for me he'd rather have a fly
because it flies exams and my sandwiches
do not unless I go like this
there ain't no frog attack prevention
pamphlet
now if the Frog is hopping towards you
do not look the amphibian in the eye
this will incite him I worried v-neck
shirts hours this is v-neck I got him
neck so fragile man I can't wear a
regular next year there hurts and I
especially hate turtlenecks like wearing
a turtleneck is like being strangled by
a really weak guy all day
like if you were a turtleneck and a
backpack it's like a weak midget trying
to bring you down I'm at the end of my
special man my special babe don't know
you no good my special see how happy I
am
that's taping and special you know you
go to a restaurant the weekends it gets
busy so they started waiting with sISTAR
calling out names just say like Dufresne
party or to table ready for Dufresne
party or two and if no one answers will
sit in them again Dufresne party or two
but they have no one answers does let's
go right out to the next name Bush party
of three yeah but what happened to the
do frames no one seems to care
who can eat at a time like this people
are missing you people are selfish the D
frames are in someone's trunk right now
with duct tape over their mouth and
they're hungry
let's a double-whammy we need help
Bush search party of three you can eat
once you finally do phrase
[Applause]
an SE n is enormous I missed you a
couple more jokes because man you know I
felt as though yah we're life Sam what
the fuck's up with this guy
I got I got a lot of the what the fuck's
up with this guy Bob and I certainly
want my special to be funny you know I
mean I come I like rock and roll I get
bullshit fuck man let's keep the tape
rolling no I'm gonna do a couple more
just in case for editing
I think pizza out is a cockiest pizza
chain on the planet because Pizza Hut
will accept all competitors coupons that
makes me wish I had my own piece of
place Mitch's pizzeria this week's
coupon unlimited free pizza
[Applause]
that's all no coupon not put in any of
the Mitch's Pizza locations
free pizza oven with purchase Oh a small
coke two for Tuesday by one pizza get
one franchise free hey man I want to
retake my special I feel good now this
would be the second half whenever I walk
people try to hand me out flyers and
when Sun tries to hand me out of flyer
it's kind of like they're saying here
you throw this away
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
they're just editing options I said that
Joe got another show earlier ma I smile
cuz I'm happy I want to put that part in
right there all right I can't floss my
teeth man I can't get into the flossing
thing people who smoke cigarettes they
said man you don't know how hard it is
to quit smoking yes I do it's as hard as
it is to start flossing
you seem jittery yeah I'm about to floss
I think Pringles additional intention
was to make tennis balls but on the day
that the rubber was supposed to show up
a big truckload of potatoes arrived and
Pringles is a laid-back comer they said
fuck it cut them up my old shit works
better than my new shit I am out of
ideas sometimes I waited people I don't
know it's very dangerous to wait its own
you don't know because what if they
don't have a hand you'll think you're
cocky look what I got motherfucker
this thing is useful I'm gonna go pick
some up I think you like me more now
than earlier so I'm gonna redo my
special
I had an apartment in Los Angeles when I
had a neighbor
who are you to my special my redo it how
do you say everything along here people
always thought it was high on stage
because people associate long hair with
drug use
I wish long hair was an associated with
something other than drug use like an
extreme longing for cake and then
strangers would see a long hair guys
that guy eats cake he is on bundt cake
mother Santa their daughters don't bring
the cake eater over here anymore he
smelled like flour did you see how
excited he got when he found out your
birthday was fast approaching
I like cinnamon rolls that's why I wish
they made like a cinnamon roll incense
cause I don't always have time to make a
pan
perhaps I'd rather light a stick and I
have my roommates wake up with false
hopes
[Applause]
Fat Joe was gonna be edited in that was
pretty good reaction I guess I gotta end
now I don't know how to end necessarily
I just feel like doing another hour
the Mitch Hedberg 90-minute special Self
Indulgence hey people look hi Kelsey hey
man I wrote a script that I gave it to a
guy who reads scripts and he read it and
he said he really likes it but he thinks
I need to rewrite it I say fuck that
I'll just make a copy
[Applause]
I gotta get off stage I wish she was
just like a chap doing that would open
up a fall in it you are done and I land
on a couch and have a drink
[Laughter]
this jacket is dryclean only
which means it's dirty
[Applause]
well I like am i doing better when the
special is over let's do the the b-sides
of the Mitch Hedberg special I play the
guitar I taught myself how to play the
guitar which was a bad decision because
I didn't know how to play it so I was a
shitty teacher I would never have went
to me
I planted a death metal band people
either loved us or they hated us or they
thought we were okay
a lot of death metal bands have intense
names like rigor mortis or mortuary or
obituary we weren't that intense we as
well with injured the ground we change
it to acapella as we were walking out of
the pawn shop
we became a death metal barbershop
quartet you only go to concerts like
punk rock and the kids get on stage and
they jump into the crowd stage diving
people think that's dangerous but not me
because humans are made out of 95% water
so the audience is 5% away from the pool
I like kick cats unless I'm with four or
more people I'm just gonna do every joke
I have you make the special
[Applause]
you you in the truck decide what is
special I smile a lot of M&Ms; they're a
delicious candy but then I switch to
aspirin I find if you hand your friend
to aspirin he doesn't look at you like
you're selfish
I like roast beef
alright now I'm a joke about roast meat
I had a box of Rick Ritz crackers on the
back of the box of rich crackers how
these suggestions as to what to put on
top of the rigs so try with turkey and
cheese try it with peanut butter oh come
on man they're crackers that's why I got
em I like crackers yeah there ain't no
suggest put her Ritz on top of Reds
I didn't bother cuz they're little
edible plates
look I lunch me does not have
suggestions as to what to slip
underneath it try this slip a cracker
under the pastrami slip a piece of bread
you have to slip things under the lunch
speed but it's not a good base
I like Swiss cheese unless I'm with four
or more people I think I think Visine
was the only invented for potheads who
else if I was a sane man 90 Visine I
don't want people to know that I have
been swimming
[Music]
I'm a heroin addict I need to have sex
with women who saved someone's life
good reaction keep the camera on that
guy hey I want to tell the people in the
truck whenever you're cutting reaction
shot cut to him I feel really good
you ready laughing it's very pleasurable
to see my my semesters are gonna be all
fucking cut up and shit it's not gonna
be seamless
y'all jerky and shit I gotta get outta
here they're gonna get mad at me now I
know I'm I get yelled a