flood pants we started was fire and the
wheel and writing agriculture penicillin
sweatpants everything else for this on
the downward slope we did it we're all
done and if you if you see somebody in
sweatpants in public they stink they
smell horrible nobody nobody takes a
shower shampoos chains brush your teeth
and then put sweatpants at that point
they just go oh well I may as well get
dressed if I did all that why would I
every sweatpants are always pulled on
over undie odor eyes flesh it's just
it's all swamp ass and nut fog down here
it's just it's an unbroken belt of stink
that's all it is
you can cut slices like a bundt cake and
throw it at an attacker just oh man is I
was driving around one day I was doing
my daddy errands had my sweat pants on
and I'm in my car and I'm thinking you
know my wife's been cooped up all day I
bet you want some magazines you know and
read so I pumped this newsstand I don't
put any money in the meter I pull up I
jump out grab a lot of magazines I turn
around there's a guy about trying to
ticket on my car and usually well
usually when you talk you out of a
ticket
you try to add a little drama and poetry
you ramp up a little bit make it sound
real no I'm in work mode all I can do
I've got a fourth of a brain cell firing
I can form the beginning of a thought
and then it falls out of my skull that's
the best I can do so I walk up here's my
attempt to talk my way out of a ticket
ready please don't put a ticket
huh there it is there's my shot
hi I may as well have just walked up
away don't what this that that would
have been just as effective as what I
say so the the guy he looks at me and
for half a second he's terrified not I'm
not a scary guy I should have mentioned
I was wearing I was wearing sweatpants
and a t-shirt and they were the same
color so I think even look like a dr.
Seuss drawing I look like a dr. Seuss
rough sketch that he did where he's at a
bar one night some young girls ice in
the mound is a give me an AK and goddamn
it show you who you're talking to
yeah yeah see I made your childhood
magic oh yeah dr. Seuss hundred angry
pussy hunt strapped in
so
so he he's terrified for half a second
then he's furious the way that I don't
know if anyone here has ever been
frightened by a Maus he gets frightened
by a spider or horny goat that scared
the crap out of me
that was a spider a moth scares you your
reaction is okay oh that thing is going
to die
there's no way I'm not reached the end
of my life I didn't take care of a moth
no way so now he's got to kill the moth
and regain this manhood and he screams
me what is flirty money of these meters
and I said because I thought I could but
I'm shaking a bag of magazines at him
now I I thought I could buy my magazines
and drive away before you showed up
and he says get in your car and get out
of here and I go thank you and then I
get I get in my car I'm about to drive
away and he leans into my window and
says let me explain something to you
we don't have time to pull over and
check every one of these meters
understand and I go yeah I'm sorry man
and it took me three blocks before it
hit me that's all you have to do that
you just described your job it doesn't
say parking enforcement and homicide on
the side of the car I got three axe
murders in El Montay gonna check all
these meters there's a maniac on the
news I want my daughter to grow up smart
but now I don't know how smart I want
her to be there just seems to be a
connection to me and maybe I'm wrong
about this I've really read any
statistics but there does seem to be a
connection between really smart really
young and then crazy later on they're
just seeing like my brother-in-law
babysits these two kids in Chicago and
they're they're 2 years old and they're
prodigies they're there their mom is a
physicist and the dad plays multiple
instruments and an orchestra and the
kids are brilliant they're they're two
years old they speak languages they do
advanced math they play instruments
they're prodigies they're in diapers
they're in diapers and they do all that
stuff so one time
my brother-in-law's babysitting and one
of the kids had a accident and his
diapers so my brother-in-law said oh do
I got to change your diapers and the
little kids said diaper
[Music]
singular
yes that's really smart
that's also the confidence of a serial
killer if you if you are shitting your
pants and then correcting people's
grammar that's you're just neck deep in
the crazy for you what no I didn't shit
my pants it happened eight seconds ago i
shat my pants read a book you left on
then my parents come by visit the new
baby Hey look the main reason that
they're there is to visit and see their
grandchild that's the main reason but
they're also there to defend how they
raised me that's one of the other things
on the agenda and by the way your
parents loved you and they completely
screwed up they loved you they had
horrible information they did the best
they could they screwed everything up
I'm screwing everything up I'm sure I'll
find out in 40 years
but I'm reading the latest books and I'm
sure they're all wrong I'm trying so my
mom visits and baby needs a nap put the
baby in her bassinet and my mom said oh
you put her on her back I was like yeah
there's a thing now it's called back to
sleep put them on their back it prevents
crib death my mom said you and your
brother slept facedown every night you
turned out fine
I let that go
I don't have four hours
then the baby woke up I gave her a
bottle my mom said he fed her like two
hours ago I was like yes at this stage
they need calories they they need they
need to eat that much they need the
calories and my mom said you scream all
night we didn't feed you you turned out
fine at that point I wanted to say I
didn't turn out fine
I'm a fat comedian with OCD I get up in
front of strangers and talk about my
dick this is not good parenting that
really is that what he does hmm look I
know that the bellwether for bad
parenting is the stripper but I put it
to you a comedian is way worse than a
stripper stripper goes on stage shows
you her tits and her pussy and you give
her money as well you should that is a
warm neighborly thing to do
comedian goes on stage keeps his clothes
on talks about his genitals how crazy
would you think the stripper was if she
came out and did that came out fully
clothed guys let me talk about my vagina
for the duration in this REO
speedwagon's long you're definitely
going to want to you're going to want to
hear all about this get your dollar
bills out this is well worth your time
like wow her dad must have fucked her in
a Garfield mask is not
yeah yeah you ever do you ever do that
when you're born like you Jacque Rock
your life in your head when it's where
stuff is so boring you can't believe it
what I do all day now standing in line
at the post office gonna buy some
commemorative stamps yeah eating the
sleeve of saltines in my underwear
watching carlito's way' come on here we
go
jerking off to internet porn in my
office when I should teach my daughter
to read oh yeah
that's why I hope that if the FBI or the
CIA I just hope they never bug my car
but my put a microphone in my house my
office I don't care don't bug my car
when I'm driving alone the Sun comes out
of my head when I'm bored my if my car
has ever been bugged they've never taken
that microphone out
I am the CIA's Christmas party every
year where they're like we have another
Oswald here we go there's hours of me
just sitting there going I said a
Mexican I like oh you little bug me in
the world you
girl it was reading anyway net home and
[Music]
[Music]
send an APB to the Burbank cops there's
a thief made us in a minute lemon drops
he's covered in fur from it though to
see he's a crazy kitchen man get up
again Street
all day a load of my car it's pathetic
pathetic guys make the eggnog we got
another hour of Oswald he sings all of
ABBA gold on this one it's horrifying
and Seger's playing on the radio he
sings over it it's insane I got offered
to go audition for a romantic comedy and
they wanted me to audition for the part
of the gay best friend which
it's 2011 it's 2011 I may as well put on
blackface and tap-dance that is how
that's how old that cliche is now and I
read the strip and everything it was
every standard gay best friend like I
walk in and she's crying and I go oh
microwave popcorn and red wine stat so
pointless now I have a lot of gay
friends and a lot of my gay friends are
idiots
just like my straight friends but in
every movie all gay characters are these
magical intelligent quick machines which
if you're gay has got to feel really
dehumanizing after a while so I said
look I will audition if and then they
heard my conditions are like you're not
doing this
if I get the part I want to play the guy
really dumb I want to be the first dumb
gay best friend in the history of cinema
like I'll key and I'll keep all the gay
best friend rhythms I just don't want to
have anything helpful or intelligent to
say so every scene I would just walk in
and like I've seen that look before
sweetie you you want to juice something
with his cock I guess I don't know
fucking you and your two friends when
the three of you get together you guys
are like the
what who is the guys with the muskets
what a big all those guys again are they
called Musketeers was I that close and I
I could not tell you the title of this
movie if you put a gun to my face it was
every romantic comedy should just be
called trying to fuck this week
this week Jennifer Aniston and this guy
are gonna try to fuck next week
Jennifer Aniston another guy gotta try
to fuck
will they fuck probably from the writer
of need and the director of knit come
today
why did why do they make trailers for
Jennifer Aniston movies they make they
always make a set amount of money what
do they care I would actually I would I
would actually go see a Jennifer Aniston
movie if she did a trailer and the whole
trailer is one minute of a monkey
shitting that's the whole trailer that's
all it is they're just it just says this
Christmas Jennifer Aniston and there's a
monkey in Napoleon hat and he's just for
one minute non-stop just and not even
like not even like healthy turds either
that weird like intermittent diarrhea
spray like it clearly like it clearly
hurts like the monkeys angry about it so
just like this like it like the monkey
wants to punch his own ass he's angry at
his own ass for shitting the way it's
shitting jennifer aniston
like wow we should go see dad
like what is that about that's awesome
there better be more than one minute of
that monkey shitting know that that
monkey better shit for five minutes they
better not or just show me the best part
like there we go there we go we got put
the sizzle reel out there hook the
people in push every monkey shit you
know people that are against gay
marriage if they just openly said I'm
against gay marriage because thinking
about two men having buck sex or two
women having scissor sex kills my boner
dries up my vagina I can't have sex and
ruins my life that's why I'm against it
that would be a valid argument
we'd have to actually debate you on that
are these lunatics always go well
because it says in the Bible okay stop
hang on I'm glad you like a book I
really am
at this point I'm glad anybody's reading
anything and I'm not even putting in the
bike the Bible is terrific give it a
read it's got monsters and adventures
and and hey if you like torture porn
check out the Old Testament oh man any
saw fans out there whoo get the whole
Testament but just because you like
something in a book doesn't mean you can
have the thing you like in the book
happen in real life that's what crazy
people want I can't go to the White
House with a bunch of Green Lantern
comics ago I want a Green Lantern ring I
saw it in a book like make the thing in
the book I like be here now I would be
justifiably dazed if I did that nobody
would go hey we have to respect his
beliefs you know you gotta you've got to
respect everybody's beliefs no you don't
that's what gets us in trouble you have
to look you have to acknowledge
everyone's beliefs and then you have to
reserve the right to go that is fucking
stupid are you kidding me
that's great but I'm not gonna respect
it I have an uncle who believes he saw
sasquatch we do not believe him nor do
we respect him what if I what if I 1000%
believe and I believe it's a thousand
what if I believed that there was a
giant invisible anus hovering over me
and if I wasn't nice and helpful and
courteous and charitable to everyone I
met the anus would appear suck me up
into it and I will be devoured by shit
piranhas and I mean and I believe it's a
thousand percent I would be the nicest
guy you ever met you're like Patton
you're so helpful and charitable and
encourage people why is that agro it's
funny you should ask me that you can't
see it or there's an invisible anus of
ring over me and if I'm not nice to
everybody it will appear and suck me up
and I'll be eating I don't need to tell
you about the ship run and we all know
about those right your correct response
would be I acknowledge you believe that
that is the dumbest thing I've ever
heard
please do not stop believing in the
dumbest thing I've ever heard because
you're actually helping people out with
your craziness
don't stop believing in that stuff
please I beg you I mean just jesus's
superpowers alone are so crazy they they
don't even look I'm not saying that
they're bad they're just so random he
has the most random like on the one hand
he's got the necromancer powers where he
could drive away demons and raise the
dead oh wow awesome and then over here
he can take a little bit of food and
make it into a letter
doesn't that sound like a like a power
that one of his sidekicks had an earlier
versions of the Bible and then as they
kept rewriting it they're like why do we
lose sandwich Joe why do we have him
Lucy he doesn't really say anything cool
like Jesus is always saying all this
cool shit then he popped it who wants a
nice pita fucking Sermon on the Mount
Joe yeah they looked hungry I thought
I'd pop in give Jesus the lunch powers
see that's and that it's Jesus wisdom
and humility that would keep him out of
the good superhero teams if he ever came
back he wouldn't just go to the x-men
and say guys I can raise the dead so you
keep me at the mansion someone dies
bring the back boom I put him right back
in the game
he'd be like wow you're hired thanks
Jesus let's go get you a cool leather
uniform man
are you married to the beard
all right not cool he would be he would
be very humble and self-effacing and say
well superpowers let me think well there
was this one time when many people were
gathered and there was butter crust of
bread and a few fish and then the next
thing you know everyone had a nice lunch
they'd say wow that's some may hang on
just one second guys remember when we
took down Magneto and we needed like
15,000 sandwiches yeah me neither
so uh we're good thank you for coming
what to tell you try the Avengers
they'll take anybody those guys have you
been to them oh damn it hey they have a
guy with a bow and arrow I'm not kidding
they would have been recruiting at
sporting goods stores or hey you jump
rope really fast I'd like to be an
Avenger I like the way you tether balls
sir
would you like to take on Ultron I was
taking this flight from Vegas to Burbank
it's a 40-minute flight on Southwest I
take it a lot and the flight is a rock
polisher it's all turbulence it's
terrifying and one day we're taking the
flight and we're landing seats up
seatbelts on can't get up and a guy next
to me started doing something and when
he began doing it I realized I've never
seen this done he used a vomit bag
because usually in a plane you've got a
front door like god from you go use the
bathroom we're landing he can't get up
and I realized as he started doing it he
must throw up every flight because this
guy was the Zorro of vomit bag users he
was amazing he was sitting there he had
a magazine on this leg and he's reading
it and you see it hit him and he never
looked up from the magazine he reach up
with one hand
grab the vomit bag snapped it open with
one hand fitted it over his mouth made a
soundproof seal then started violently
throwing up but it sounded like this
[Music]
finished took it away from his mouth who
wiped his lips as he did it
Oh amazing see little metal tabs folded
with one hand I'm sitting here he's
loading up here he transfers it to this
hand very polite very polite away from
me and just held it up for the rest of
the flight till we landed and he filled
that bag like he he I mean he could have
stopped a mugging with that thing it was
a it was a brick in a purse like it and
I I was like I was watching him and I
just kept thinking what a horrible thing
to be great at
like that's its thing some guy like hey
look I know I'm getting old I'm not the
best looking guy but some girl sees me
shoot pool you don't ask my window
that's young I'm a good pool pool player
there's a guy I'm losing my hair I'm fat
all right but some girl sees me play
bass guitar boom I got a shot I'm a
great great guitar player and this guy
took out the bars you know girls keep
getting young I'm getting older it's not
happening some nights when I bring out
old pukey boy I've had this bad boy I
would say since predator 2 came out if I
had to put a date on it but uh bring
this thing out play it like Dizzy
Gillespie Boyett old pew keys put a lot
of backs on mattresses that's all I'm
saying a lot of backs on mattresses me
and pukey Butch and Sundance huh going
up know what stop it was one
madam i I know you find me physically
repulsive enough through to walk away
and never look back I would never blame
you but please one last time let me
vomit for you let me buy an egg salad
sandwich from this 7-eleven leave it on
the dashboard of this car in this hot
parking lot
wolf it down for hours later Donna fur
coat and do squat for us on the
punishing asphalt and only after I've
sent the contents of my stomach
rocketing into this bag if you can look
at me and feel no love you believe the
island of Cordoba
please let me vomit
[Music]
I was out shopping grocery shopping I'm
in my sweatpants I'm in my matching
color t-shirt and flip-flops ladies so
got my crumbled-up shopping list and I'm
staggering around and I got a Bible and
our supermarket has a deli counter where
you can walk up and they'll cut you up
and pound a hand turkey cheese anything
you want caught it up fresh boom off you
go
but then to save everybody time they
will pre-cut one poundings of ham turkey
cheese so you can walk up and go huh get
two cheeses i get a ham and you're on
your way so i'm staggering up to the
counter with my list and i vaguely see
that the next guy in line is this
morbidly obese guy huge and he's the
next kind of line at the counter and
he's blocking part of the counter and
what I can't see is there's only one
one-pound thing of pre-cut ham in the
ham band there's only one left
I can't see that all I hear as I
approach him is him say I want all the
ham
that
meaning he just wants one thing but do I
immediately ran away around the corner
into the next aisle
and started laughing my ass off I wasn't
even laughing at him I was thinking of
the guy at the deli counters going go
here we go and then like I had a tiger
start oh boy he's doing it it's
happening then I thought what if a third
party witnessed that what if a third
person was 20 yards away and all they
see is a guy dressed like me with a
crumpled piece of paper and he's
approaching this morbidly obese guy at a
deli counter and just he gets there the
morbidly obese guy goes I want all the
ham and the other paper goes oh shit and
runs away
he might he might honestly believe that
he just saw the future get doomed
because obviously the morbidly obese guy
is destined to begin working out become
this cut muscular warrior of the
wasteland and save humanity from the
robot lizards that are taken over in 40
years and the few remaining humans have
sent me this emissary back to read him
the message and tell him of his destiny
but we have historical records we know
we have to get to him before he decides
to commit ham suicide at the pavilions
in Burbank California and I'm clearly
woozy from the time tunnel and I'm
trying to get to him and I'm almost
there
when he says aren't all the hair
I was in Minneapolis and I was talking
to somebody and they they live in a
nearby town where not only is there the
factory that makes spam I think this is
a horror melon Factory but next to the
factory itself is the official spam
Museum the Museum of the history of spam
and when I heard that I actually caught
kind of depressed because it hit me the
only people who have ever visited the
spam museum hipster douche bags and that
said those are the only people that have
ever gone there guys and they're all out
front like the museum get it and getting
their Christmas card photo taken and
like the poor people at that Museum I
almost feel like it's my mission I want
to buy like a pair I want to go to
JCPenney
get a pair of tan chinos and a dorky
short sleeve shirt and be their first
non-ironic visitor be their first
sincere visitor why just show up and go
I enjoy the spam meat product and I
would love to hear its history and visit
your museum I've never heard of Monty
Python they would carry me around like
Peter Gabriel they would not know what
to do with me oh my god somebody who's
not wearing a fucking Arcade Fire shirt
this is awesome
I don't know what to do with this guy
their first non-ironic visitor did I'd
leave you go thank you very much I have
to go visit the Pabst Blue Ribbon Burien
be the first guy that doesn't have
mutton shops posing out front
we're gonna have to dub me saying
brewery and not buery
did you fucking hear that gotta go visit
the brewery you know where they view the
beers
the beer nigga your Xion boom gotta lose
some goddamn weight once and for all
I'll never do it but I'm gonna every
every album I do now from now on I was
going to go I got to lose some weight
and then head out and I'm going to come
out here in a rascal scooter think I
gotta lose some weight this time I'm
going to do it I knew I had I know I
gotta do something because my my
two-year-old daughter loves to do these
little dance parties where I'll play
music all through the house and it's not
like that kiddie stuff either it's
whatever I'm Alyssa she loves it Pixies
and beetle doesn't matter and she'll
dance she likes a weave does he'll dance
dance party and we'll start dancing and
she's a rocket she can just dance
forever and and I'm good for 90 seconds
I'll be like yeah and then I got to go
just keep this is a and I'll I'll lean
against the wall okay it's almost like I
don't know if anyone remembers when Axl
Rose came out on the VMAs a few years
ago for the Guns and Roses reading and
Axl Rose was a slinky you know
serpent he rock God and then after kind
of taking everyone out of the band
he sort of gained the equivalent of Duff
McKagan like he kind of he faced they
put on one of his hunger band members
and weight equivalent and he made the
mistake like they had like his
microphone was out in the middle of the
stage but he made the mistake of running
from the edge of the stage all the way
out to the center mic to start singing
welcome to the jungle remember that and
he ran wait
too fast and he basically did he did
like what I would do if I was doing but
then I'll take my daughter to these like
we go to this music together class and
this place called wallaby where she
plays and they'll fill play music in the
kids will dance and my daughter will
dance hard from like 90 seconds like yay
and then she'll go and lean against the
wall like not when did she just thinks
that's what dancing is dancing is you
don't like this and then he go
I'm dad you like no sweetie you can
probably keep dancing you're you're not
sweating all of a sudden and I bet your
left arm doesn't hurt and I bet you
don't smell burnt toast but the problem
is it's just the goddamn meetings to go
lose weight I was in Weight Watchers for
a while I went to Weight Watchers and
it's a great organization but you know
what carbs and sugar doesn't have a
William s Burroughs or a Keith Richards
we don't have all my all my alcoholic
drug addict friends their meetings are
awesome and dark and compelling yeah I
t-boned a school bus and I had to flee
to Mexico and that's what I like Wow and
all the Weight Watchers meetings were
well number one I had Doritos for
breakfast again but I decided to forgive
myself and I put it in my points counter
and then I went to a friend's pool party
and I said damn but I'm gonna swim and I
got in the pool and it doesn't matter
how I look and I was very cool with
myself but they had I and I realized I
subconsciously cut a huge slice of pie
and left it beside the pool so I can
swim up to it and take a bite every now
and then and I said hey I'm swimming
towards high
and hearing myself say that stuff really
it was like I can't do this this is
horrible I need I need one is gotta be
one dark creepy Hubert Selby jr. weight
loss story like yeah was I was living
with this obese thirteen year old
prostitute down and Juarez we ripped off
a drug store and used the money to buy
nine boxes of hard pretzels it's not
that Snyder shit for squares we binge
doubt for about five days and on the
sixth morning I woke up she was gone
that she'd stolen that stash of Ritz
crackers I had hidden the mattress
that's when I looked in the mirror and
told myself it's time to start swimming
away from pie
[Music]
the circus is in town you know we've
gotten rid of slavery child labor how in
the hell do we still have the circus
honestly the circus which look I'm sure
I don't know when they invented the
circus and one AD I'm sure back then
well there was nothing else to do except
be afraid of the Sun yeah the circus was
great but imagine imagine pitching the
circus now as an entertainment
destination hey I got this great idea
for families and kids you got to hear
this me you're going to love this we're
going to put up a tent on the outskirts
of town and we're going to fill it with
depressed animals walking slow that I
think walking
I've been trudging trudging
counterclockwise in an oval and while
they do it we're going to play creepy
Calliope music over them just this
echoing their spirits broken no
connection to the wild
sorry you said this is for like families
and kids because it sounds really grim
and creepy well you didn't let me finish
because we're also can it have men in
bright clothing and makeup up timeout
you mean like like transvestites right
well technically yes but they're going
to keep going so that they're clowns you
realize a clown is just a transvestite
that doesn't stop like if you like if
you if you saw a guy in lipstick and I
shall be like Timmy leave him alone
that's his own thing
the guy's like oh no hang on go Timmy
get he's a wonderful clown get over
there I didn't know you'd use a whole
tube of lipstick on one cheek please
entertain my child run at him out of the
darkness he'll love it and every animal
in the circus openly doesn't want to be
there or wants to murder you every
single one when was that a plus for
audiences to see things entertain them
against their will but yeah we went to
the more or less night we saw Patton
Oswalt he was okay but like you could
tell he wanted to be up there I hate
that I like it when my performers are
chased out on stage by a guy with a
chair and a starter pistol and then they
have to stand in place under a cage they
just glare at me and just yell that's
the best like I've seen Elton John in
concert five times
see - what I'd like to see what I want
to see I'd love to see him get chased
out to his piano by a guy with a
bullwhip
but right before he goes onstage if he
could take a huge dump right off stage I
I don't want to see it
but I'd love to vaguely smell about the
entire show then you get chased off his
piano and does every one of the songs
just screaming them at me and then as he
finishes each one he tries to run away
and they chase them out again so the
whole concert and the whole cottage is
like how wonderful light and with you
[Music]
Daniel is travelling tonight on a plane
that's the magic of the circus
[Music]
[Music]
got some ambien waiting back in the room
[Music]
that's the one trick I could see
becoming very addicted to I got to be
really careful ambien is amazing because
it puts you to sleep which is fine but
amazing about ambien is that half hour
before you go to sleep
anyone's ever taken it you know that as
you're falling asleep I don't know what
it is and that drug it feels like you're
about to get the most glorious flu that
anyone's ever gotten not in a gross sick
way that kind of flu that comes from the
exhaustion that is brought on by
crushing all your enemies achieving all
your goals setting the world right
knowing your legacy is secure
you're like I can is lay in this bed and
just fade oh this is awesome i won like
it gives you this if they I mean got god
forbid they ever invent a suicide pill
because if they could have been a pill
that convinces you as you're dying that
you're the like my my legacy is secure
and then the next day at the Burger King
we need another manager are we gonna do
he killed himself last night but the
thing about ambien is you have the most
that I there the dreams you have on
ambien and then our nightmares but
they're so creepy and nonsensical and
bizarre do you want to talk about the
weird ambien dreams that you get
it I you what I think happens is I think
when you fall asleep you enter this
vestibule there's about a dozen doors
and every night one door opens and a and
one-one Dream Theater true comes
tumbling out the nightmare group comes
out oh it's the clown with chainsaws for
tits hello will be your nightmare or
it's the having sex with someone famous
ladies and gentlemen miss Scarlett
Johansson here we go or it's the naked
at school dream or it's that you know
I've I gotta go take this test to heaven
Sonny for all those classic ones you
take ambien going the best of you all
the doors open up and all the groups
come out and they're like I thought he
was having a nightmare what the hell is
he on a B and again idiot alright you
know what fuck it put Scarlett
Johansson's face on the chainsaw didn't
clown
it'll be on a plane that's crashing and
it's late for a calculus test and he's
naked he's dead through the whole thing
my second favorite Christmas memory of
all time
happen in Los Angeles Los Angeles at
Christmastime is beautiful it is
beautiful you know why everybody leaves
the city does empties out there's no
traffic it's quiet it's like I am legend
but you can get a sandwich it's perfect
it was Christmas Eve 1996
and what movie hitches to opened up
Jerry Maguire yeah 1996 my brother and I
are drinking at a bar off Hollywood
Boulevard 8 o'clock rolls around we are
wasted and I and my brother goes hey we
otter should go see a movie and I say
capital ID hold support vomit so we go
down the street to see Jerry Maguire
which was playing at the now-closed
galaxy multiplex the crappiest heater in
LA who wants to see a choppy print of
anaconda in a room full of meth addicts
popcorn farts well come on down to the
galaxy for the glamour of Hollywood gets
peed on nightly so
we see Jerry Maguire playing I'm like I
love Cameron Crowe Matt let's go see
Jeremy Park I'm really good all right so
we go in it's my brother and I we're
sitting together and then there's eight
other people all by themselves there
alone on Christmas Eve and maybe they
were thinking I will see this Tom Cruise
movie get a little glimmer of hope a
beacon of optimism for the new year
who knows so we're watching the movie I
kind of liked it no I thought it was
pretty good I like that movie
my brother unbeknownst to me he did it
and I mean he is sitting there grinding
his molars didn't make a peep just sat
there
he didn't didn't say anything to the
very end of the movie there's that final
scene when Tom Cruise comes running back
to Renee's oh and I read that he gives a
whole beautiful speech about I wanted to
be my wife and I love you and all this
thing and then she goes you had hello
and its really but now watch the scene
again in the middle of Tom Cruise's
speech there's this sudden dramatic pull
into his face and there's tears in his
eyes and he says we live in a cynical
world and that's my brother
[Applause]
such a it was such a horrible rude thing
to yell and I was laughing so hard I
could not get the air in to make the
sound of laughter I was people ask me
what is your favorite comedy of all time
Jerry Maguire when my brother yells fuck
you a Tom Cruise
it is a 90-minute set up to one
punchline it's like it's like not
jerking off for ten years and then
painting the garage
[Music]
you know I live in Los Angeles and and
for a long time I was very ambivalent
about living in LA and just and I
realized it was because of all of my New
York friends they are the ones who put
it into my head while you live in this
shallow plastic sellout town you got a
you got to move to New York that's where
it really happens man you got to move to
New York so last year I moved to New
York I lived in New York for a month
and now I know why all of my New York
friends want me to move there they want
another warm body between them and the
constant spray of shit and horror that
you're just subjected to and by the way
New York is a great place to visit don't
get me wrong but you live there
full-time it turns your skull into a
cage and your brain into a rat and the
city is just a stick poking the rat all
day and you literally you get to the
point where you're like I want someone
to be sad
so and I made the mistake of bringing my
dumb hawk with man this little french
bulldog and he stood waiting we eat and
we live in the suburbs it's quiet he
goes on walks he's call me Busey pees
he's happy now he's in New York every
eight seconds in fuck you bang he thinks
he's going to be murdered every eight
seconds he wants to stop and square his
paws and get his ears back against the I
understand that he's descended from gray
wolves all dogs are descended from gray
wolves he wants to die like a proud
hunter I get that let me die with my
fangs out man he wouldn't poo and pee
land his walk so I know why he doesn't
want to he doesn't want to die taking a
dump on Bleecker Street like a like a
curled up salad bar shrimp so he was
miserable I was miserable what am I
gonna do is my little guy so my solution
was I found near my apartment this
access tunnel down into the subway it
was just this horrible crime covered
just filth tunnel but you would go in it
and it was relatively quiet compared to
the rest of the city and my dog could
calm down and do his business and he was
pooping on stratified decades of Filth
I mean his his poop was the cleanest
thing in the tunnel basically
and I would pick it up and take it away
I wanted to walk down the street with
his poem on social contract assholes so
it's my last night there I know I'm
leaving the next day I'm so happy oh boy
is great let's take him out for his boo
we go down the tunnel
my dog is circling ping picking the spot
to to poop on decomposing characters
from gangs in New York
come on man
come on do it and he's just circling and
I look up 10 feet away are two
crackheads one of the crackheads is on
his knees about to blow the other
crackhead who's cock and balls are cock
and balls
I assume this is being done in exchange
for crack goods and services our trading
hands our free market economy is strong
I immediately look away oh I don't want
to see this oh god no I don't - come on
buddy
do it my dog starts to poop and that's
when I hear from 10 feet away nice
really nice I want to go I'm sorry my
ruining this romantic George Gershwin
moment and in the summer Twilight of
Manhattan which I by way I said none of
that by the way I just kept my head down
please finish please
he finished a pic of his poo I fled and
my head I'm thinking I gotta grab this
hellhole city hate her so much then I
realized me and my dog were part of that
crackheads conversation later on about
his horrible night out
he's like I gotta get the hell out of