Wow everyone see San Francisco thank you
so much it is so it's so amazing and
surreal being back here I used to live
blocks away from this theater in in 1992
to 1995 not on Whole Foods in sight it
was all sketchiness and just and I was
in my twenties and wasting my my
gorgeous body with it's amazing stamina
on weed and booze weed and booth that's
all I remember one morning I had those
kind of there was a few months where my
nights ended at 8:00 a.m. those comments
so I'm walking up Haight Street to where
I lived early early morning and I'm
kinda destruction along and there's a
group of very menacing looking black
dudes hanging out in front of a house on
Haight and I'm not really registering
the possible threat that I'm just kind
of walking along until I get right close
to them and one of them leaned out of
his urbe friends with a huge smile and
said you look like you use heroin
it's super friendly and I was still very
buzzed and I'm not I said forbade him I
said I don't but thank you and I was I
was genuinely because I remember at the
time I was trying to lose some weight so
I was like I guess it's really starting
to show if he thinks I'm a heroin addict
that like I lived on that compliment for
months it was like some guy some dude
tried to sell me he'd assumed I was a
heroin addict I must crunches are paying
off it songs and do things for akiro
blinkx people think you're shooting
horse and I look I love San Francisco I
love coming back I miss it horribly um
things still that um where I especially
when I was in the neighborhood I was
living in I spent a lot of my once I
woke up at 3 p.m. I would go to a coffee
shop
and a lot of it San Francisco is the
capital of the snappy and here for the
completely reasonable question from like
I would go into this coffee shop etre
like hey can I get a cup of coffee will
it is a coffee shop hey fuck you
look I'm I I'm on your side I'm sorry
the band isn't working out and you gotta
work here I'm trying to be a comedian
I'm working in a board warehouse right
now I'm mailing I'm mailing two headed
black dildos to be Oh boxes that I know
belong to priests
I'm trying to be the voice of my
generation I'm mailing dildos to priests
you're making coffee for the guy mailing
the dildos to priest
let's cling to each other like wreckage
in the storm all right
help each other out here dude Jesus
Christ
[Applause]
you know a few few months ago I had
really bad insomnia I didn't sleep for
four days and it was freaking out and it
slept some went to my trick and he said
well look I give you four ambien before
ambien reset your clock you'll be fine
but they're addictive I don't want to
give you too many so here's your four
and he and it worked
he gave me four ambien then I went I
went back to Virginia to visit my
parents and my mom said oh you just flew
in from the west coast he bet you're
pretty jet-lagged you want an ambien
I do have yes you have Bambi I don't
have an ambien and she brought out a
pill bottle the size of a police
flashlight this thing it was huge and it
was and it wasn't just a mean it was
ambien vicodin it was his whole trail
mix of it was a wolf saw crunchberries
assortment of oxycontin ease and Wow
holy Stig's an ambien Harry I think this
is an ambien like okay I realize like if
I go to a doctor I need some pills
they're like well you're 46 you have a
couple of productive decades in you we
got it we got to be careful my mom is at
the age where she goes to the doctor hey
I can't sleep
well here's enough ambien to you're dead
how about that
hail away no reason to come back how
about a big Hollow M&Ms; candy cane full
of ugh my kid
[Music]
[Applause]
if I want if I want three vicodin I have
to do
the coffee is for closure speech from
the beginning of Glengarry Glen Ross to
my doctor and I got to nail it
maybe I'll get twenty biking out of the
guy if my mom wants a dumptruck a
vicodin here's what she has to do pay
close attention
your grab-ass to go to our bulk section
savings anything in there is this oxy
locally-sourced okay
delightful if you make it past 7e in
this country you are invited to a pill
party that would bring Bob Fosse back to
life and they'd kill him again that is
out many pills you are given it's
amazing
hey are your parents still alive are you
guys not talking fucking make up with
him make up with them and go through
there just an hour going through their
couch cushions your parents your parents
hiding in the cushions of their couch is
another Coachella is just sitting there
waiting to be found
make up when your mom and dad get the
pills but the pills in the will mom and
dad give the house to a white power
organ I don't give a shit but the hills
in the well I want to bail and my
parents have a Jack Russell Terrier oh
they're so noble animals they're lean
and muscular and smart they hunt rats
complained the hunt rats Rattus amazing
noble little animals my parents Jack
Russell Terrier is this morbidly obese
just it looks like they took a head and
legs off of the Jack Russell Terrier and
then found a beaver carcass and filled
it
with waffle batter and ball bearings and
then put the legs and head back on and
this thing just dry
[Music]
and it attacks everything it sees and
then it's immediately terrified while
it's attacking it starts pissing all
over itself it's just a mess it's I'm
like what do they do to this animal they
broke it spirit this thing should be
dreamed hunting holy shit they raised me
oh god it all makes it oh fuck I just
figured it out I'll get it god damn it
I'm supposed to be this skinny cut
little muscular scrapper dude just this
fat angry fight with people on the
internet minam I hate myself for doing
it I hide under the bed and they think
I'm afraid of ghosts and the apocalypse
is just it's all fuck I'm a fat Jack
Russell a fat Jack Russell that just
laid on its side eating food me fucking
useless and I'm turning 50 in the wrong
I should have turned 50 in the early 60s
for years I'm going to turn 50 in the
early 60s if you made it fifty and you
had a kid you married yet a house we
like good job sit down do the crossword
let's just let's start you dying you're
all done good for you that's paradise
now you turn 50 you're 50 here's your
mountain bike get out there
you got years of activity like fuck off
let me just sit down and have my ass
fall out and be vaguely racist and do a
crossword puzzle can't I just do that
you just die now so use something breaks
in my house first off I used I just used
the phrase something breaks in Maya
that's how I describe it some broke in
my house there's a button and I would
hit it and the thing would happen now
the thing doesn't happen after I hit the
button that's me giving a diagnosis of
what's wrong I have to if something
breaks in my house I have to immediately
call a Russian or a Mexican who shows up
and goes go in the other room and watch
your shows each of saltines and have
your tea and sit there I'll figure this
no don't even come close
you'll break it so something broke and
the guy came and he was over fixing it
in the other room
and I'm there watching TV and I hear
from the other room where
huh
then five seconds goes by and I hear
what sounds like a duck is in the other
room and then I heard quack hello hey
man which that's his ringtone it was a
duck quacking and look I know everyone
likes to you know and after phones with
all kinds of modification that you will
eventually receive horrifying news on
your cell phone about look I'm just if
you want to model that's great but just
make sure like all your family members
are healthy before you decide to go I'm
gonna make the ringtone of fart it'll be
really funny it'll sound like I'm
farting then I'll answer the phone
because then there's gonna be in your oh
god it spread to her lungs when did this
happen is that how long does the doctor
give it no I hurt my phone farted and I
picked up this is awful
I almost lost you in that bed I was
fucking thrilling I like that that makes
company fun and I don't want to sound
arrogant but I wasn't an illusion and
even if I was I don't give a shit
not that I want to have a good set but
if this set goes in the toilet it will
not equal the worst set I've ever had I
got that out of the way early back in
1990 had the worst that checked it off
I'm free free man I've been doing comedy
I've been doing it for two years so I
was 21 I was working at a club in
Roanoke Virginia and I had to emcee the
show only gonna do ten minutes ten
minutes to open the show no problem I
could do this Dan the show I get the
worst stomach flu I've ever ever had I
mean I'm throwing off ballast at both
ends it's just shoot I look like a
demented cherub statue and a fountain
and wishes and and the colors were
springtime and autumn that was in a
yeah exactly like the sculptor had gone
through some kind of life crisis
villages existence is meaningless make
the cherub shit and vomit I don't care
so I counted on a thing and anyone in
this room that's a performer knows this
is a real thing I'm talking about
there's a thing called stage health and
it's no matter how sick you are your
body will kick in enough adrenaline to
magically get you through whatever
amount of time you have to do on stage
I've used it since it works it works
I've done whole hour sets with fevers it
just kicks in and it gets you through
I've only got to do 10 minutes though 10
minutes and I hitch my best took
pepto-bismol to Dristan to dayquil I'm
gonna make it I just got all the holes
in my body to stop flowing that's all I
needed
ten minutes of functioning in society
that's all I needed
ladies and gentlemen please welcome your
host for the evening
Patton Oswalt I begin walking out to the
mic I get halfway there a guy in the
front row says faggot
instead of just like I didn't yell it
didn't going fair he's went faggot like
he he said it like a museum tour guide
it was really weird it took me a second
here we have an early Warhol and that's
a faggot and then over here we have a
plea and then crowd went nuts nut love
to a my stage health went fuck you I'm
gone
we're not getting through this you're
not recovering from this and everything
started going who knows my eyes on it I
began to gently shit my pants
I began to gently shit my pants so I got
to the mic and just said ladies and
gentlemen your first comedian for the
evening I brought it the first me and I
fled just fled I'm like fuck this um and
I did that run works like you could tell
I'm beginning to take a shit as I'm
running is that kind like oh no a mess I
mean there how how can anything I do
from this point on be worse than that I
walked out a guy called me a faggot the
audience agreed and I shit my pants like
that there you go that's alright I lost
that one
there we go the entire planet betrayed
me including my body and I'm I'm haunted
by the idea there must have been someone
in that room that was their first ever
comedy show
so to this day they're like have you
ever gotten seen sanim Carmody its
Gribble there's two comedians and
they're funny but at the beginning I
think they go to like a local youth
hostel or something and they find some
21 year old kid who's shitting himself
to death and they make him go out and
that guy calls him baguette and the
audience just cheered and then you could
tell he began to shit himself it was
awful and he ran off I mean the other
two comedians were I don't know why they
do that thing at the beginning I just
really said a weird time for the show or
worship there was a guy there and that
was his first show and into this days
like stand-up comedy's fucking great man
oh my god
all right how would Roanoke County Club
you gonna believe this shit
say Eddie's two guys these comedians
they go up there amazing but the best
part at the beginning they make some kid
walk out there and they look like he's a
geez shit himself again that's what it
looked like and I got in front row
calling my faggot oh my god I'm gonna go
lose my mother bunny should ever see I'm
like holy shit hey I'll be the faggot
Yeller uncle I do that for free all day
he'll get me I'd love to be in show
business
[Applause]
oarsmen dodge you can depend on oarsmen
dodge great name great cars that's the
radio jingle for oarsmen dodge in
Sterling Virginia I first heard that
when I was eight years old
and it's been in my head perfectly since
then you know what else is still in my
head perfectly doom business is a
pleasure when the pallet Fair Oaks dodge
by an automotive treasure pocket in your
own garage from trucks and vans and new
sedans there's no complain too much
doing business is a pleasure with a
little Scotch boom pair up start radio
jingle perfectly in my head I've taken
to infant CPR classes
I cannot remember am I supposed to press
on her chest first or blow into her
mouth first that can save my daughter's
life very muddled up here not clear on
it but oarsmen dad you can't depend on
this is this what happens when I'm
getting I thought when you got older you
jettisoned bullshit in your head and got
really wise and could just drop wisdom
all the time all I had is fucking
nonsense up here radio jingles fucking
the lists of superheroes no one gives a
shit about unhelpful there and they're
doing all this you know stem cell
research and brief firing brain neurons
can't I can I trade the oarsmen dodge
jingle for knowing whether to press on
her chest first or blown her mouth first
or can I swap out the Fair Oaks dodge
jingle for one karate move just one I
just want one I don't need you no look I
just was right throw a guy down and run
away screaming
for the police to come help me that's
all I want
I'll take it my daughter's gonna be
dying and I'm gonna be over her reciting
Rutger Hauer speaks and then a Blade
Runner just
[Applause]
hey probably should have paid attention
at CPR class but you know what I've seen
things you people wouldn't believe
attack ships on fire off the shoulder of
Orion up she's gone okay that was a cool
experience fucking going it is and it's
really hard now because look I could not
be a more committed progressive feminist
Pro gay Pro transgender person but I
cannot keep up with the fucking glossary
of perec times goddamn it I'm trying I
want to help but holy fuck they taste
like a secret Club pass where they
change it every week and then you're in
trouble
that's not the word we use fuck you too
it was last week I have memorized my ass
is falling out I want to help I know I'm
an old sis white motherfucker but don't
give me shit Greg didn't know the right
term fucking RuPaul RuPaul got it this
shit for saying tranny whoo fucking Oh
RuPaul whoo she laid down on the barbed
wire of discrimination two of the
seventies and eighties to this new
generation could run across her back
yell at her for saying tranny
what the fuck
[Applause]
I will always change I will always try
to learn the new terms but you gotta
give me some fucking wiggle room all
right
my ass is falling out I'm trying I'm
trying and by the way I don't know if
you know if you get hung up on words
then you're gonna let a lot of evil
motherfuckers slip through because evil
people learn the correct terms very
quickly have you noticed that they're
the first ones learn it so they can
smuggle their evil shit through by
saying everything correctly even though
they're hiding really bad shit in it and
a lot of times the good guys they fuck
up a couple of words but listen to their
heart alright I'm gonna give you two
guys right now one of them is a good guy
and one of them is a bag I'm not gonna
tell you which one see if you can spot
the good guy and the bad guy here's guy
number one while I happen to be
heteronormative and certainly respect to
people who have alternate lifestyles
including gay bi lesbian transgender
Omni or pansexual I still think that
heteronormative behavior is a biological
imperative at least for propagating the
species and I believe that that does
deserve the highest priority that was
guy number one here's guy number two the
couple of fags want to get married or
some dykes they want to be men how the
fuck does that affect you asshole you
know and in the hole
hey if there's it it's a tranny out
there it's like a I don't wanna I don't
wanna dick no more I wanna I want a
vagina then boom
guess what it's it's she now or whatever
the fuck she it I don't know whatever
they want to call themselves that's it
don't affect you in it so if you see
some guy I don't care if he's got a
couch it looks like a Boris Karloff
horror movie I got it you got to share
the planet with that guy all right
or that girl I don't fucking know let
don't tell me right
second I was the good guy who probably
looks like an asshole probably is
wearing you know kind of rednecky shit
first guys probably at a nice coffee bar
sipping Aurelio this is a wonderful
Tanzanian pea very that
everything's changing but everything is
also getting way less radical if you
notice that and I'm by the way I'm
dabbing the sweat because I know I'm not
saying this because this looks like I'm
getting really nervous on my say like
look everything's changing but uh scared
of where that's radical whoo no I'm just
fuckin I know I know how much I sweat
these days um yeah everything's changing
but everything's getting like okay for
instance I just look at the green light
back back there see the green light that
is put on that's to tell me to dab the
sweat I know how funny I am goddamn it
yes stop flashing it fucking Jesus
I just damned maybe we see people should
I keep the sweat on that'll have this
like just kind of a James Brown effect
like he's fucking working up there
Oh
I need that green light in real life
though I do need that we all fucks are
sweating carry about that I like okay
the civil rights movement of the 60s now
I don't know how you fall on that issue
I know my audience it's 50/50 that's
fine but that was by definition a
radical agenda that was redneck fucking
white going on what not only don't I not
want blacks to be equal I don't want to
mirror me I don't want to eat near them
I don't wanna shit near him I don't want
him using the same water fountain and
black people said yeah fuck you were
gonna do all that we're literally
changing all of it and thank God it
happened but that's a radical thing to
want now we go forward gay marriage not
so radical because look the whole gauge
the evil Gainey agenda all right what's
the evil gay agenda well we want to get
married and serve in the military
[Applause]
not radical I don't know how anyone
opposes that I don't know what is is the
is our people opposed to gay marriage
because you're like I don't want to see
a couple of days wearing chinos and Izod
shirts and my hard works are arguing
about hinges the way me and my dumpy
wife are I don't need I want that I want
that gay dude in a spangly g-string up
on that fucking float gyrating to
Sylvester's you make me feel mighty real
because I need magic in my life
[Applause]
then there's the radical transgender
agenda pool transgender agenda that
flows I like that but what's that well
guy I was born with a penis I don't want
it I want to be a woman lose this get
breast and now I'm happy as a woman okay
I don't when and it was their opposition
to that okay this guy over here or in my
opposition is is that fucking not
natural the everyone changing a negative
look at that shit is this weird sex
organs all scrambled around I mean what
the hell what's your argument against
that pants I mean there have clothes on
what are you talking about it doesn't
there's it's not a radical agenda if the
solution is pants that's not the transit
the final the final transgender civil
rights case will make it all the way to
the Supreme Court and I know the final
word is gonna be pants one of the
dressers are gonna go oh yeah they're
gonna wear pants and clothing everyone I
don't know why we heard this sorry I
almost feel like I want to take a bullet
for the transgender community and go
start going I want to replace my dick
with a flamethrower and have machine
guns for kids and they just randomly go
off and kill people
and people like well you can't fucking
do that so the other guys like what can
I turn my dick canoe begun oh yeah
that's fine I just thought slowest on a
flamethrower that other guy Jesus it
might look I um don't even need to flash
it I feel the sweat are you kidding I
voted for Obama in 2008 I voted for him
in 2012 I was very very happy
well that's thank you but that's the the
least risky thing I can say in San
Francisco if you put a bunch of my fans
I don't care who I piss off you can
fucking leave right now I voted for
Obama twice yeah you heard me I voted
for him and I was really happy but I
also understand why people voted for
Bush twice and I get what they must have
gone through not not saying that Obama's
bad a president as Bush I'm just saying
anyone you vote for into the White House
will eventually during their presidency
do something that will make you as a
supporter go like Bush comes along
people supporters are so happy this is
my guy yes Bible Bible Bible Jesus Jesus
Jesus
that's my guy halfway through his
presidency
oh we're torturing people
[Music]
that's kind of biblical so the bomber
came along oh I was so happy yes Obama
science science science logic logic here
we go that's my guy halfway through his
presidency we're killing people with
flying robots that look I want a woman
president
I want a gay president right but just
know that okay okay hang on I don't want
to be one of those guys that's like hey
man you're just people did actually are
behind the president run the country man
but there are people behind the
president in actually run the country
and it seems especially ever since
Clinton doesn't feel like they've been
casting the presidency to deliver
something awful as a giant sugar plate
when the Clinton it was over get this
NAFTA thing and it fucks over the
American workers and it destroys the
manufacturing base how we gonna sell
this well okay here's what we do we get
a fun kind of southern Elvis II dude he
likes cheeseburgers and blowjobs whoo
[Music]
and it worked it worked and then now we
got this torture for oh my god this
torch program is a nightmare how in the
hell are we gonna solve it
oh I know get a fun bumbling cowboy and
he can't really talk and he walks in the
doors fun like that I will get that for
a nice I don't know how else to put this
flying assassin droids
we have flying assassin droids cool
black guy is I don't know anyway i just
got the first thing i thought cool black
guys there's no other way so look again
i want a woman president i want a gay
president i'm just letting you know when
when we get those there will be
something horrible attached to them by
the time we get to gay president that
means we've got Soylent Green that means
we are putting people at a giant mulcher
and just making energy bars out of them
we got a fuckin we got a certain eating
people to survive on get the funny gay
guy out there who's hungry
[Applause]
he's good
oh grandma was annoying anyway stop it
we do need a woman president though oh
my fuckin I know that for a fact because
of the way that I love movies I love
movies in every any movie that you love
chances are it was directed by a man
edited by a woman which means a woman
directed it that's what that means
literally name of I'm serious
Star Wars Pulp Fiction jaws taxi driver
Goodfellas Lawrence of Arabia cuz that's
how look those are the two it's a dude
with his camera dick just blending it
everywhere just on just shooting fucking
film oh my god is 18 miles in it but it
is fucking f every frame is a painting
oh my god I'm making them Matthew P oh
fuck I'm done yeah
oh fuck my shadow out of film
oh man yo yo my shot oh shit shot film
everywhere man oh I'm a genius
I'm a genius it's all me did it myself
woo and the woman's gonna show up we all
done sweetie okay how'd she go I gotta
make a story out of this myth
no we're not gonna do we're not gonna
release an 18 hour movie sweetie no no
don't have a sandwich thank you I gotta
find this delete here to CalPERS works
same process do should shoot and sperm
oh fuck every one of my cooking sperm is
so fucking important look at all the
importance I'm killing you with every
single barman boom there goes our
architect Tom Antos a quarterback boom
boom boom oh my fucking god
you are so full of importance
[Applause]
you
you people mean the world to me when
he's done his balls are empty woman's
gotta come in y'all down sweetie okay
out you go I gotta build a human life
now I gotta make a nervous system in the
spinal column and oh no but you helped
Oh super job thank you look how'd you go
so this country's just been this long
slow motion movie fuck that's all it's
bet just acquiring gimme that I want
Louisiana Purchase the one message oh
god you farted why gimme
man man man man men just with their
fucking manifest dick Denis I got I just
made that up on the spot
holy shit yeah no destiny so then
we need a woman to get in there and just
edit this shit down just like I next
four years we're going to lose a lot of
this shit I don't know what you guys
were they Florida gone we don't know why
the fuck what are we nuts how much oil
does Alaska have alright three more
years and it's gone sorry guys
[Music]
everything's changing but everything's
getting less radical I his friend grew
up he grew up gay and closeted and
terrified in rural Washington State
nothing farmland
nothing but just mean Christian jocks
beaten and he stayed closeted played
football beat up kids with the jocks
that the jocks thought were gay to
protect himself hated himself all
through high school blackout drunk hated
himself then he moved to LA came out of
the closet told his parents parents went
duh now he's he's happy marrieds happy
running a business but he has a nephew
who goes to his old high school and so
he's really protective of this kid
because his nephew is openly proudly
defiantly gay going to high school and
my friend is like if anyone gives him
shit I will burn that fucking town to
the gray he's so protective and I and I
get it so he went back for Thanksgiving
and he's talking to his nephew and
because everything okay at that school
you know I went there I didn't have the
best time if you ever want to like talk
to me about it or how are things are
they they are the precedent where they
and his nephew started choking up and
said uh yeah you know it's it's pretty
rough they're you know they're still
really oppressive and it's it's pretty
pretty harsh and my friend the way he
put it to me was mine my my inner liam
neeson woke up right he was just like he
was thinking like give me a name like
you just wanted to wipe out but he kept
this cool and he was like let's talk
about it what's going on like how what
are they doing to you
and as if you think oh well you know for
instance me my gay lesbian transgender
Club at school we wanted to have our
prom the same night as the street kids
prom and they're gonna make us wait two
weeks to have it so it's just really
oppressive you know
and my friend had to stop himself from
saying you need to shut the fuck up
because I don't think you know what
oppressive means if they given you a
club and a prom that means you're not
being oppressed and then he told me goes
I support the principle that school I
would never let the gay kids have their
prom the same night as the straight kids
because the gay kids prom will make the
street its prom look like dogshit like
the gay prom
the team is gonna be studio 54 and
there's gonna be horses and cocaine and
chairs gonna show up and then the
straight kids prom is gonna be
enchantment under the sea the punch ball
looks like a clamshell
[Music]
[Applause]
things are fucked up now and I'm happy
about it I love I'm happy that everyone
is arguing and screaming about
everything because it's just out in the
open it's going to be messy and then it
means as bad as it is now means a better
world for my daughter to grow up in and
I know that sounds selfish but it's
gonna be a better world we just got to
get it really will be I'm serious
and look the whole I'm trying to make a
little carbon copy of myself with my
daughter like it hit me my parents were
not into science fiction and comic books
I found it on my own and they were happy
my dad tried ah and football spider-man
man I gave it a shot
like that was that was him raising me
basically um my daughter I showed her
Star Wars yeah didn't dig it so we're
moving on she's doing anything she loves
gymnastics
she loves rock climbing she loves
swimming she's a very sporty so I'm like
I can't stick you will sit down and you
will watch see because Star Wars was my
first and final realm there's enough
thing where it's a it's a thing you get
into so that you know the whole world as
if you live in it like I knew all of the
connections and the back and foot I
don't know why they didn't like have me
go to terminal wards on hospitals where
like patients like don't want to let go
of life and just let me talk to them
about Star Wars they would have
flatlined after 30 seconds and you know
dangar ship was called the punishing one
and it's interesting how it's also a
converted karelian
go to the next room Pat thank you you
know for alarm is an acronym that means
for love-- of money and now for mom was
a former protocol droid if you noted
next oh the things I could tell you
about suckas booth daughter doesn't care
what she see you know my daughter's big
thing is now my little pony pony she
loves it she watches it every day she
knows the whole world so that's her
thing I don't have to I don't have time
for that stuff anymore quite frankly I'm
not saying this in any kind of judgment
away but I'm raising a family I'm
pursuing a career I have to do adult
things now I can't absorb another
fucking realm that's up for her to do
that's her with her little she watches
her show her little cartoon pony show
every day I kind of watch my little pony
yes I I see the same thing in her eyes
that I had when I discovered Star Wars
so I leave her to her thing and good
I've passed on the torch I've passed it
on and she can watch you know
then she's a Twilight Sparkle and price
but well she starts off in the series
she's working for Princess Celestia
Travis Marshalls unicorn there's three
kinds of ponies and there's unicorns
pegasi and there's earth ponies and
Twilight Sparkle is a unicorn and she
has a pet dragon named Spike who course
as dragons he eats jewels they all eat
holes
she gets set down to Ponyville because
she's working as a librarian did
purchase apprentice Celestia wants okay
princess the last few months Fridays
proper to learn the ways of Ponyville so
she goes down there and she becomes
friends with pinkie pinkie pie and
Applejack for both earth ponies and and
and then of course there's rarity who is
another unicorn and then Rainbow Dash
and Fluttershy who are pegasi Rainbow
Dash and Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy er
I have kind of a fraught relationship
because you're Connor shy doesn't can't
really hit the speed that that Rainbow
Dash can and srimad s got it you know
see the clouds so that the the earth
Pony especially the eye Applejack can
grow the food that of course they eat in
Ponyville so
they and then according then oh my god
then rarities little sister sweet
account an Apple Jacks little sister
apple blossom and Twilight not trembling
Sparkle sorry Rainbow Dash loser
Scootaloo they don't they're called the
Cutie Mark Crusaders cuz they don't have
their cutie marks yet all the ponies in
Ponyville have cutie marks that show
like what their thing is like Pinkie
Pie's is like a little party thing she
plans parties but they don't have their
they don't have their symbol here so who
who knows what it's gonna be right
although I just saw the episode where
they got there which I don't want to
spoil it if you haven't seen yet but
they figured out what their fee mark is
it's really cool so baby but look that's
my daughter staying I don't fucking know
that
[Applause]
all those kid shows by the way they have
these little announcements at the
beginning that make you feel less guilty
as a parent for sitting your kid down in
front of the TV for half an hour because
you have to I just gotta do these dishes
I gotta get this laundry done
I just need give me 30 minutes so each
show has a little announcement that'll
be like when your child watches Sofia
the first they learn to share and care
as well as being a good citizen so that
you can bolster so that well thank God
I'm making sure theythey watch this this
has nothing to do with me having to pay
bills or get the towels in the dryer so
it'll get mildewy I'm actually being a
good responsible parent but they could
say anything at the beginning of these
shows and you still let them watch when
your kid watches Yo Gabba Gabba they
learn to build pipe bombs as well as as
well as the dangers of race-mixing
you're like I really got to get those
towels in the dryer I'll talk to her
later sweetie race-mixing is fine don't
build a pipe on okay
I went to the DMV and post office on the
same day I know that someone just oh my
god be another thing that I noticed when
I did that do you mean the post office
are fine it's the employees are ready go
to the post office guys at the window I
got my scale I got my stamps I know the
zip codes let's go it's the customers
that make those places a nightmare it's
the customers is everyone who box up the
guard the post office here we go
guy walks up my dog stepped on a
bumblebee so I put nine acorns in the
bag I what
[Applause]
how many boxes in all of the states
and then look the post office I'll give
you some wiggle room there's there's
eight or nine choices DMV there's no
excuse for any weight at the DMV you
don't go to the DMV until they send you
a letter and the letter is one-sided and
the shit you're supposed to do is in a
box
they put a box around bring a check for
$33 fill this out bring it in and we'll
get this done and everybody that comes
in they're all holding their paper this
paper came that's not today's date that
was three days ago then and there's a
drawing of an Engel don't get an ego I
can't take care of an eagle then that's
how what is that what are these no and
by the way the person at the counter the
DMV they can't go get the fuck out of
here their job their job when they see
that is to go I don't know what it is
about you maybe it's the way you're
waving the piece of paper in the air or
you're pointing at random numbers and
letters but I just I gotta get you
behind the wheel of a car I don't know
what it is I've got to make it so that
you're allowed to be in charge of a
6-ton steel juggernaut
I'm raising a I'm raising a little girl
and all my friends are raising boys and
I again there's a man and women are just
fundamentally different I drive you
crazy when I hear it said but I'm
experiencing it close-up but it's kind
of true
oh my we all had our kids in April and
May of 2009 and I did the math backwards
we means we conceived in July of 2008
which means we all went down to the San
Diego Comicon circle friends we saw some
hottie dresses Electra and then Chuck
our little nerd fuck thorne home and I
must breed now they're all six I got a
six year old daughter my friends have
six year old sons when their sons play
and they fight they'll punch each other
and then cry and then make up and then
play til they punch each other again
from the play
my daughter Alice her best friend at
school is a little girl named Mamie
Mamie has really long naturally curly
hair and it's gorgeous and our daughter
has a cute little bob that's not as long
as amazed but it's still adorable so one
day May is home with her parents and she
misses Alice all so she draws a picture
of her and Alice and shows it to her mom
and her mom goes
oh I'm gonna send that to Alice's mom
and she sends it to my wife who gets the
email goes oh my goodness Alice c'mere
mammy drew a picture of you guys that
Alice comes running in and looks at the
picture and burst into tears and we go
what's wrong sweetie and Alice's May
they drew her hair longer than mine
and the father of the millennium said
her hair is longer than yours
runs into her room slams the door and
then I got my very first to the door of
what I'm sure will be many as I was
knocking on it just leave me alone like
if she had had a Smith album should have
been cranking it like
family drama
[Music]
[Applause]
my wife has he got to leave her alone
you gotta let her have her emotions and
deal with him and it broke my heart but
I walked away I walked away and a half
an hour later my daughter emerged and
she had drawn a picture of her and Mamie
and she drew herself with very long
curly hair and she drew Mamie bald
and she showed it to us and said could
you send this to me me
[Applause]
what is this Sicilian message shit what
just fuckin heater don't this is creepy
this whole don't sign it just say I'm
looking forward to school on Monday
cuz little boys are all about punch and
little girls are all about
I'm building a box you won't see it
until you're inside of it
[Applause]
my life now is is birthday parties kids
birthday but my daughter's sick so it's
all she goes to birthday parties every
weekend and I'm like I like it it's cute
all the kids run around plays it's fun
to watch it it's a it's a big except
this one birthday party I went to about
a year ago without in the park
it was nice there was a bouncy house
there were games there were snacks all
the kids running around having a great
time I'm talking to the mom I said this
is really nice the nice party kids
having a good time and she said yeah um
I hired a clown and he's an hour late
and just as she said that way off in the
distance at the edge of the woods
you
suddenly the clown appeared now a clown
in the distance in broad daylight at the
edge of dark woods
is ball retracting Lee terrifying and
this clown was an hour late so was he
running towards us as fast as he could
no he's doing this slow George Romero
amble was one of those wheeled suitcase
you take on the plane taking his time
and as he gets closer I noticed
something weird about his clown costume
his clown costume consisted of a kind of
funny wig a red heart right here on his
cheek a colorful vest and that's it
t-shirt jeans sneakers
like I wanted to ask the mom did you go
to barely a clown production to get your
kids party entertainment and barely a
clown productions we find the most
disaffected Silverlake hipster and give
him or her $50 to put down the David
Foster Wallace book and head the
leisurely pace towards her child's
birthday and/or celebration he comes
walking up does not introduce himself to
the mom or dad says nothing to them
comes walking up six down to the bench
where the snacks are and says all right
face painting
like that didn't go all right faith
waiting all right
face bringing hit the ball head face me
they're really excited he come running
up I want to be Elsa from frozen I want
to be Iron Man I want to be one of the
dis pickling with here's blue heart but
a blue heart on every kid's right cheek
bloom are just there you go next next
good move
now all the kids have a blue heart on
their right seat so now it looks like
there's a cult meeting going on in the
park
please kids everyone having a good time
I know that Coolidge for later
easy okay then it was time for the clown
to play a game with the kids well here
was the clown's game he stood next to a
tree said akela kids gather around me
and that stools another tree gonna run
to that tree run back to me then run
back to that tree run back to me over
like ten minutes so the kids got tired
that was it
then the parents point out the cake to
sing happy birthday now cake and happy
birthday
that's a clown's Freebird that's when
they get to shine man that's their
moment he sees the parents come out
they're already singing she goes oh just
go check my messages and he takes his
cellphone out walks away with his back
to the kids and checks his emails while
they sing happy birthday I was trying to
get the camera on my phone to work I
wanted to get a shot of the kids singing
and then just pan over to this clown now
at this point I'm still talking to the
mom and she said something that let me
know a her kids are gonna turn out great
she's a cool mom and also it's become my
parenting philosophy she looks over me
and says I am so pissed off right now
but I kind of want to see where this
goes
Hey
we go good good outlook good outlook and
here's where it went the clown sat back
down on the bench and said all right
balloon animals
all the kids come running up oh my god I
want an alligator
I want a race car I want fairy wings but
how about a sword yeah blows up these
long balloons puts a kink in the bottom
sword
Amriki got a sword yellow sword blue
sword red sword orange sword every got a
sword so my daughter cuts up there the
goddesses I want a flower and he says
you look like you want a sword and my
daughter says I want a flower digs our
heels and so fucking proud of her
I am this is her kahneman square moment
she's going to get a flower