as the biggest and everything in my life
thank you for being here
hope you've seen me before if not you're
in for thrill cuz my son like egomania
but I swear to God and three other white
men you gonna join me maybe get no here
you see who I talk about sex mostly
that's why people say I'm dirty I'm blue
gross vulgar dirty old man well let me
tell you folks that's a lot of shit I'm
honest everyone here said shit if you
never said shit before meet me after the
show and let me slam your hand in my car
door
being you say shit fucking nigger shit
you got the fuck you doing these are
normal reactions everyone groan you know
I say fucking shit only for one reason
people do
if you never vote she
you've never shit fuck
how's manly beard last night talking to
my wife sister there
it was crowding to brighten you can get
all up here
Oh another reason I said shit because I
have a st. Bernard dog there's 240
pounds he does not do do you cannot give
a dog ten cans of Alpo I expect him to
do do see st. Bernards
shit that's why you keep him in the yard
if you had him in house there shit and
come up the furniture my neighbor called
the police
see I got a yard full of shit they call
the police and door miles groans shit
they came out and Humphrey where's that
shit you're going on the yard smoke eat
well
that damn you notice that smoking light
when I perform because friends a lot of
thing worse than cancer a six foot six
black Nationals in alley with a hatchet
manager the worst in Castle I don't join
no groups cause Louis groups give up
pork and I'm not gonna give her a poke
me with a crowd of people see guy told
me once he's had me how can you eat that
filthy slime as a knife for hot sauce
greens black-eyed peas can't Steven did
peach cobbler and a dying right Cola
it's his land right I lied honey the
hell these people enjoy yourself get
drunk tonight and throw up in a cab
fucker become the Las Vegas to relax I
mean you haven't smiled to free me honey
yeah husband and look like Jesus if you
him I'm not surprised sir I mean master
I knew you were coming that side on a
big rock on the highway guess he had
Roger Jesus coming I thought it was a
porno movie
oh yes you don't like to Joe Holly I
mean food sacrilegious not as stubborn
as sacrilegious I was altar boy I found
out I couldn't be poop as their photo
I'm not gonna sit in the back of heaven
think about that a minion come to you
I'm like rubber night give me my shit
while I'm on the ground I'm a little
pie-in-the-sky I want a broad last night
a chick asked me for hundred dollars
like it was the exams exams just to fuck
$100 $100 me with two good hands
remember the war fellas
yeah I wake up in the morning $100 and
jeans girlfriend $100 each
I wish I had some only cause me hundred
dollars I cut it off and barbecue it
$100 see I used to pimp
yes you know yeah a pimp I had to damn
cuz I'm too nervous to steal I had a
good hold oh I had a good order y'all
seem to get home backs we call him hoes
fights call him whores seen him who is
his hoes yeah I love a good old is how I
only messed up once with my money that
was the first time she messed with it in
the last the night she messed with not
money we went to the hospital together
so the doctor could take my foot out ass
let me stop fooling around tell you a
few funny story I know it's true though
a lot of folks here wearing glasses did
you ever take time out to think how far
ahead nature was planning us to put ears
in the right place in case you had to
wear glasses hi ears could have been
somewhere else but if this meet one here
my glasses would be on the floor either
that I be wearing goggles see you can
cut this meat off completely and still
here because the hole is more important
than me do you believe that no sir you
don't believe that put your money back
you pocket see what if I ears that have
been back here wouldn't that be
something you have to pull your pants
down here when I'm saying can you
imagine when the entertainer had to look
at in case the crowd was really
listening
imagine that Jesus oh one thing no if he
is we're back here wouldn't be demise
whispering going home and I would have
nerds in no fellas
I might whispered to a chick you got a
big ear yeah here's a trick
no dear sit out I mean this kind here's
a trick no dear I sit out I missed it on
purpose for my wife's idea have new wife
and she she said missus but I'll try to
make it look hard so I've been trying to
make it look hard for the wife and never
dry dead fellas don't leave please I
don't need that I had that a Marine
Corps
as right clap
all these stories I'll tell you about
yeah I'll tell you what your reaction
will be to my next round
see I get it a punch line have these
silenced giggles and Snickers then
laughs watch at these two girls walking
down the street in one girl hush the
other she's hey girl for the cross
street in that your husband coming out
of the florist she said yes damn he's
got two dozen roses she say I'm have to
keep my legs up in the air three days a
girlfriend look that shit well why don't
you get a vase
that's where the land funny that's me
throw your neck back and enjoy yourself
he's pretty fish I like white women I
mean personally I don't want no white
one you see me with a white woman I'm
holding for the police cuz I'm no fool I
prefer an Margaret over shirley chisholm
have a fair bit buzzes Dick Butkus oh
boy he had some ugly women in the world
in it I love him
see I love our miracle they don't ask
for too much cause they know they ain't
going nowhere not really now it takes
how many great ugly women in the world
I mention a few left vest out because he
stands alone dan has a the back moment -
but you never be others miss Roosevelt -
your boss ugly woman ever been here I
saw miss Roosevelt's picture in Jet
magazine and got a soft on
see I talk about niggas in army cause
niggas are holding black people back
I know that's confusing to your white
friends but there is a difference see my
parents a mix down the line you'll see
that or else I'm a semi albino somebody
missing my family look at his thin lips
I hate him
I can hardly taste barbecue semen
black people are taught to love but I
find it hard to love midgets that's the
only thing I hate it's a goddamn media
all of them I'll give it color they all
hate them all is a standing order to do
it there didn't Maitre D' no fucking
midgets I mean that see I don't know
what about midges rounds neighbors you
know I look up at you like hey
he won't simply get out of my way real
short motherfucker
I can't kick as high as I used to but I
put my foot into midgets ass don't
getting in the Romney I don't wanna yeah
you try to be nice to me you're standing
converse with them they standing there
breathing on your fly I don't like that
I don't nobody breathe on my fly unless
they serious didn't show you let's pause
here a moment they drink a toast to
human beings around the world and what
makes them laugh at faces shit water did
you ever get drunk and go home and sit
on a toilet and throw up in the face
bowl hey you thought no one knew did you
I've been drunken that I sat in the
baseball and threw up in a toilet
no kidding I came back a half-hour later
to put some cold water on before head
and I reach down into Facebook uh they
got there I don't remember eating that
he knows lady you don't have explained
until me that's good you're married
that's better
yeah I think if you your love you don't
need license you need linen you really
in love you need gargle checkup then if
you don't like each other pack up I got
married fucked up I'm at a Korean pretty
maybe saw I married the enemy because
I'm an American War veteran I think if
you can't beat him good fuck him I'm
going home tonight do my part for
America that's right I'm fuckin into me
thank you lads so nice eze MIDI this you
were darker a toast English humor the
gentlemen's you never argue with a lady
you should dicker
Chinese humor
Confucius a crowded elevator smell
different to midget
African humor where do you get from the
elephant's trunk to six-foot buggers
Mexican humor why does it have hair
around it to keep me from looking like a
taco
to get reform I mean double
now you have to hold your head sideways
when the meat don't fall out
yes yeah beggar
that's weight laughs that's why I love
to see girls laughing to enjoy life
because it's rough out there how you
darling
you look like my face right at you
Evelyn another toast miscellaneous what
is a sardine sardine is a little fish it
smells like a finger
you never know what goes over yo what's
the difference between meat and fish
hard to beat you fish
yes good hello debuted cigarette
relaxing has much more have you smoking
42 years I don't have cancer not
probably have someone eat cancers adds
up
lotta people worry about their diet so
they can live your music
they give up cottage cheese and apple
sauce livering begging him and he bought
potatoes spinach acquittee not as tough
sugar butter lard just so they can live
in that dumb you don't feel like a
goddamn fool in that hospital dying from
nothing you hate to laugh right out loud
aren't you
virgin uh I'll tell you by my wife
earlier she forgot you know she was
bugging me 15 years 15 months now for
ring when I get ringing it was Jasmine
for you and I didn't ringing when I did
ring I'd said soon let's step out this
fucking tub you get ring
zion.t kenosha don't know farmers feel
American I was born here my father was
born here
his father was born here his dog was
brought here but fishing too close to
the river in Africa
that's his black ass right above the
show come on nigga goddamn in North
Carolina that's where things happen for
you yeah I could have been a king maybe
knows it's right you know handing out
Africa I mean when they were marching
people started screaming in the suburbs
back to Africa with them back then I say
back down with who shit I never Africa
you'll send me homes in East st. Louis
Missouri 4461 in right top floor Africa
buddy Riley like standing the jungle
with said man fifth column as soon as an
alligator shoes
that's not hunting carbs I'm here all
the way and I could live a lot of things
in the country had I been a politician I
could have been my grandfather Redd Foxx
the first one the first black
politicians in Mississippi ran for the
border and made it and he broke his
stride he was in Quebec
I mean movies he a lot of things took a
lot of whites today 1978 think black
people talk bad but you fail this time
realize my friends at Southern Lights
told Africans English think about that a
moment the Africa did nothing about this
year no huh yawn doing wrong and get it
in a row and swanny not African southern
white Ataris an all-boy goddamnit I
didn't do you get that there I do you
get down over yonder uh-huh now chunk it
over here boy
chuck it Africans in Google which me
junk that shit yourself and fuck you
you're rednecks I'll avenge you I ain't
missing nothing you and your mama both
kiss my black ass
but if you no understand African you get
lost
you gotta get that dress on backwards
Jesus the baby will never go hungry I
hate big titties how they slow you down
this is a semi nice guys some of your
folks I might never prove it to in here
let me square this way for you made a
sign out front said XXX rated show
that's what it is that's why I put that
up XXX rated show that means what's been
happening now you knew that so don't sit
up in look here for me Jesus knows
you're crooked Christian asses in here
we heard the song you can't hide you can
see through this ceiling like Clark Kent
knows in here he sees you in your motel
room laying up that buck naked with some
superb freak he sees you he recognises
the back of your head and he knows
you're not bobbing for apples
cuz that's November hey
hey here's some story this lady call her
doctor she's a doctor she said I hate to
take it this but you're giving me the
wrong harmless pills I've said this is
Norman Samson said I could make a
mistake like that I'm 47 years in
business I couldn't do that
she said this is man you gave me the
wrong hormone pills she thought to say
well how do you know I gave your own
hormone pills well I got hair growing
down my chest she's a doctor say well
how far down is it growing
she said down to my dick
if you have kids I don't have any kids
my job yeah Holly you folks
you folks are married aren't you
children how many three children answer
you a motherfucker
that's right she's a mother three times
did you motherfucker you I bet you never
thought you lad when the black dude
called your mother burger and that's
beautiful
things are changing around the country
no kiddin that I feel Bell hey basil and
you tried bandru long take under those I
fuckin enjoy yourself
I'm about Hannah's ridiculous
bought me my first impression
Eskimo going to toilet state it was two
buddies there's two good buddies one guy
he was a practical joker so he bought
one those rubber dolls you know he's
selling in the porno stores
maybe you got one hey you blow him up me
life-sized on you know you put a little
grease on him and he brought me down
grease it he's putting his bed he could
put the cup over and called his buddies
he man I got a chick off his she's too
much for me I can't can't handle about
myself he said hurry on over here before
he could hang up the phones but his
color those who a she said she's in the
bedroom his buddy went in the bedroom
was in the bedroom about one minute he
came back outside
he said man where'd you meet her he said
god damn you better see what happened he
said man what a friend I bit her on the
neck and she farted and sold it out to
him
well these are necessary you know that's
why when I met your religion I mentioned
the Lord but he was wonderful the Lord
created the fart
he created the fart then put a smell in
it so the Deaf could enjoy
if you were up here you see some of the
faces no just from the word fight I mean
he'll that's nothing to be upset about
I mean think back remember so long
around here just fighting you know back
he was getting on
they do they just black me began I must
be black alight on knife I was born same
loser he's makeup but neck and put my
knife on I'm black lot of light say they
want to be black now yeah we've been
black all the time I never heard him
wonder if you call us Negroes son of a
bitch there's always a black son of a
bitch winning but make up your fucking
mind my friend what are we should I'm
black cause people are colors black
white yellow brown and red there's no
Negro in the crayon box that was heavy
with you so she'll come in I got a drop
one name in every nine in because I am
back see niggers and superstitious you
can tell the difference see niggas
believe him ghost grab his feet and
black cats I'm black I don't even own
that shit if I see a ghost i'ma cut it
hey Polly fire said made goes a throat
cut won't be no more goes you couldn't
make it I gotta put a sheet on say boo
no we're cool cook clamoring beer and
check a boat tablecloth and and rabbit's
feet nigga I got a rabbit's foot be
lookin when the rabbit lost it they do
Don finishing fuck that damn foot with
claws on the tiger suitor get the body
where the media is and wrap some greens
asleep dead round as in feed your
children foot and in black cats you'll
kill your whole family in the station
wagon ducking a black cat I run right
over the Jerez I'm not gonna wreck my
$84,000 Rolls Royce
oh no 6-inch cat as bad arithmetic way I
figure it 84,000 goes over 6 one time
with nothing left over
the cat lovers hate me with fucker Manny
people need dogs today
see when a burglar come to your home in
here's yo yo break right in get your
Doberman that yowls
if you got yourself something don't can
I love animal myself but only thing I
don't like rats
I mean don't you turn around every night
in say oh you know dream leader look up
at me seen you before when you killed
overseas
I never marched you never saw me
marching did you buzz it's hard for a
man to get out van margin is somebody
run into a crowd pop him upside the head
with an axe Hamill and all these boys
doing they they and harm we shall
overcome as is she I don't want to
overcome I'd go crazy
let's leave it like it is it's my fifth
pack today my business I'll leave you
with something friend of mine quit
smoking got killed by tobacco truck ran
over clean lungs like me I'm a war
veteran I was there we in service I was
a hero and I want a mission it but you
forced it out of me how's a hero who do
you think they named the foxhole after
Hoover towers there I backed up so far
in one battle I bumped into a general he
said why are you running as it I'm
running because I cannot fly you asshole
kidney it's tough in the service you
were there when you well you lived in it
don't liner see a lot of people lie
about yeah you call it in here twiddling
your thumbs when stock market doing bad
I know you're into big money
I can tell big door and I see it it's
like he's staying poor people oh he's
looking at you like they want something
another thing I don't like I don't give
a goddamn old people don't enjoy me
because you're not gonna be fans long
anyway but hey it's a little kid when it
was in school a teacher asked all the
kids go she said I want you kids give me
a sentence using the word
definitely so little girls subs a
teacher this guy is definitely blue she
said no no Maryann shit when storm
clouds fill the sky it's not definitely
blue she's around her little girl said
teacher the grass is definitely green
she's a no Joan when the Sun shines down
hot on the grass is brown dirt so it's
not definitely green so little boy stood
up said teacher yeah a son fuck teach
she said yes Billy what is it he's a
teacher
hmm right now hmm
civilian when you break wind does it
have a lump in it she said no Billy he
said I have definitely shit
don't look at me the kids said it
little-bitty white kid oh I want to
mention something else about white Singh
that we all look alike when it's
absolutely wrong white friends carry
your own burden it's not black people
they look alike it's you then look alike
all y'all are just white look around the
room are they all alike but look at us
the chocolate rainbow black people all
different colors that walnut burnt
almond chocolate chocolate mocha pecan
vanilla yellow mellow light bright and
damn their life did you see that
you know Lena Horne don't look like
Esther all's
that clit beautiful I can handle it
yeah I named my second wife I never get
her wait
62 pounds when we got married 62 pound
seven years later 310 310 pounds I
stopped speaking to her she walked in
the house and I said mmm she thought I
loved it because when she got into bed I
rolled toward her
I like to make you laughing you're
shaking so bad that's good some people
just hate to have fun yummy they do just
come out mad for some reason no
nice-looking couple over there that's
good a brothers inspecting hit gold
hey listen because we gotta sing now see
that's for diversion yeah or whatever
you call it continuity no need
Shannon go to college I knew I wasn't
going to college Lana get in high school
didn't matter to me cuz they were
teaching Unger get me now little boy
blue come blow your horn
she you'll break your neck try to blow
your
you want your horn blown you need a
friend and other poor cheetos well well
well my pussy tell in the well I could
drown out 15 house in the whale baby
head first you ever go to will maybe
gonna sing this tune that everyone knows
you in school all of you remember row
row row your boat gently down the stream
merrily merrily merrily life is but a
dream
we're gonna sing that together no solos
just blend on the downbeat row row row
your boat gently down you're on
television
once more all the good-looking people
wait a minute ladies fell over here
please don't sing during the good look
at people sir now it is singing look
like somebody's shit in his face now
let's try this again only this time just
the ladies
min row row row your boat gently down
the stream merrily merrily merrily
merrily life is but a dream
now you others
come on now I know it proud of this size
got to be one fag in here
well yet maybe they know about daddy -
dude
well I guess in the closet hate
something else I wanted me to do we have
to sit be a bridge good yeah well the
hell happened oh yeah mmm that's good
dudes you to hold I mean two girls are
talking I'm on them as I said do you
smoke when you finish Jose I don't know
I never looked
yeah it brings up see he's beautiful
am i you'd be able to do as you like
children no yeah you could get angry
both of us got knives social draw you
want to do another tune I know you all
noticed my own composition it's a love
song
it seems to be recorded by Frank Sinatra
it's called I love you darling if you
never have any cash money in your
pocketbook
during your entire life in this world
but I won't be with you darling if you
never have any cash money in your
pocketbook
during your entire life in this world or
anywhere else you might go with nothing
because I don't need nobody help me do
bad I can starve to death by myself
sweetheart so try and forget me but
always remember that I love you lower
than any woman I've ever known in my
life because that night I went up your
house and got drunk and fell out on the
college we went to sleep
you didn't mention under money was left
in my wallet because you must have known
deep down in your heart if either came
to and found some of my hard-earned
money gone I went home he got a 2 by 4
word I've been soaking in motor oil
since 1939 not a game back to searching
for you if I found you anywhere on earth
with any portions of my money in your
bag and I took my crazy to buy for
knowing that it wouldn't break band or
splinter and try to cave your skull in
with it blues
BB King might do it dude hey brother
is that a goal dude in your mouth don't
you go together with a goal dudes on the
legs are digging mine in your face nigga
tried to rob me in New York three months
ago can you imagine that nigga don't
stick up a black man when that dumb
nigga don't rob Zorro
this nigga jumped out to a lead didn't
have a gun a pipe or brick all he knew
was karate jumped out answers to
stick-up I got a black belt as a Lego
needed to lower your black ass in the
ground
I want to meet you going to heaven
that's important to me go into heaven
religion is weird I was a Catholic spoke
Latin phonetically but it was weird you
go into heaven and they lower you in the
ground if you go and help them they
don't look you're a stir balloon take
you're not air they got facilities now I
need gravy I'll be condominiums where
people can live not I mean do you not I
mean I could have been a preacher nice
diamond ring you got there
Rufus have a beautiful tan my goodness
even do you could go to get all by
yourself
hi Yolo hi Yolo hi Yolo a different ring
I mean hey I want to plug my ladies
album and my only album in the last 15
years I'm not gonna make another until
this one sells no have album calls you
got to wash your ass and if you that if
you don't have it please buy one and
mail it to your home anonymously so your
mate can hear it because it's important
to know about hygiene
you remember Black Flag
look how easy they forget nobody it's so
true you got to wash eggs you can let
your armpits go a couple of days maybe
but not J's
how could you tell somebody I love you
darling knowing in your heart you
haven't washed your ways and another
thing men stop wearing white shorts
white shorts can wreck your marriage you
love a failure romance white shorts know
why because every wash day all of your
white shorts got a brown stain in the
seat your wife don't want that shit
you're driving her crazy man every wash
day she's down there talking to washing
machine grown man shit his pants
everybody shot every 49 years old dish
in his fucking back
well friends don't do that to her please
don't do that to your lady get you some
Brown polka dot shorts and let us search
for the spot but never again white
shorts
another thing is important when you've
been out of the street for five six
hours you can't go home and jump right
in the bed you got to hit that thing
with the washcloth you've been walking
going to tallit in the restaurant back
you call it again on the elevator in the
cab in the club in the toilet in the
club back in the gap of steps you got to
hit that thing with the white cloth
don't lay down dry anymore come to bed
damp only Euell Gibbons would eat in dry
Bush country in fellas jump in a hot
shower and wash them wild hickory nuts
and your cucumber for you unfortunates
your gherkin
but don't lay down dry again because
when you get on those covers dry you get
to make it love it gets hotter than
those Cubs you can start shredding your
arm pitch table yes nuts and everything
it's a sweating funk begins to grow see
fuck bills and those conditions is to be
turning it spinning pretty soon you got
a fuck typhoon under the covers you have
any grazing you roll off you try to
catch your breath good cover settled
back down and push it all that fuck out
the end of the covers choo damn honey
get your raincoat I think is shitting oh
no it's you know your muggy day Oh
watch ass and you folks you're done you
lot for coming win some money while your
Las Vegas see you next time thank you