Austin Texas
so great to be back in Austin joking man
I just have so much fun when I'm here I
see so many friends thanks for coming
out I was in Bakersfield California
Wednesday night boy you people think
you're stupid
last time I was in office it was the
first time I've ever blatantly been
offered a three-way and I turned it down
was one of those deals where it was two
dudes and me
[Applause]
I don't even watch two and a half man we
flew in from Los Angeles and we're go
through LAX go through screening and
this guy's just losing his fucking mind
I guess he didn't travel that much you
know used to this equipment and he's
just going crazy you know you can have
fun with that you can do what I do I
take two viagra and demand a pat-down
what's that your pants mr. white no idea
you're gonna need to Pat it down by
typing up again
give it a couple twists zebra touch
anything
you might want to go wash your hands
I started this tour this summer in Las
Vegas and while I was in Vegas I broke
this tooth off at the gum line in an
alcohol swimming pool were later yes
again
[Applause]
I had a show to do in four hours
drunk and missing a tooth
it looked a little unprofessional not to
me but the fine folks at the Mirage god
damn sure did I thought um I said you
gotta get a dentist to patch this up I
will not go on stage looking like this
because this tooth doesn't like that big
until it's gone they found an all-night
dental school as Dennis is 14 years old
the yucks be up for the gas and I don't
feel anything I'm like dude do you turn
this gas up and he goes their
regulations the state in the bottle
steady which note one second ball and I
asked him I said where'd you go to
college because Brigham Young fuck dude
turn it up to Catholic
never let a forum and say your buzz
level never I'll do it and I'll tell you
what they don't understand fucked up the
way you and I do they go they're
guessing and their shitty guessers when
he got through with the procedure you
can still tell which two he worked on
because it was a different color my
teeth look like Indian corn I had to go
to my dentist who's pitching veneers for
my teeth because he says I'm doing a
wide screen high-definition television
which is nobody's Frantz Fanon but every
actor I know in Hollywood rather have
long definition narrow screen TV so they
look at them and fuzzy instead of
clearly bad I would like to see my dick
on the last tape that way I quit looking
at it through my reading glasses
one day's long back it looks bigger
[Applause]
I had no idea i expensively merely world
man they wanted to do eight teeth on the
top and six teeth on the bottom when I
was like well how much that cost
he says $27,500 fuck how much is dental
school
I'll teach my mother how to do it you're
going back to college mommy never went
to college must be fun for you there
it was a weird week and I knew it was
gonna be a weird we could have started
off weird I was gonna go to Vegas and
day or early to do some media and I
wanted to see the show called love it's
also at the Mirage beetle circus
fellatio fantastic fucking job and so I
was talking about well my wife and I
live in Atlanta and the Hollywood no we
were out in California and I said I'm
leaving today at 3:30 to go to Las Vegas
and I have an airplane that you guys I
like it a lot
after fortune 500 companies America let
go their private jets now run why I
begun playing this son of a bitch
straight into bankruptcy
I guarantee you one day I'll be living
in a double-wide trailer with shag
carpet and I'll have a jet when weeds
growing through it I'll be in the front
seat push me around
and I don't come for money I come from
the opposite of money I come from no
money ten years ago I lived in a camper
my friend's backyard he didn't even know
I was there
you ain't even in a nice Gambhir he's
like a homemade pop-up camper like
somebody a duct-tape to tent to a golf
cart
I had a 20-inch Coleman television
I had to pumping up your commercials
you couldn't watch porn on it because
nobody's active over dandy
[Applause]
I was broke now the IRS a bunch of money
because I don't understand how that
works
confusing when I started doing stand-up
they said that made me an independent
contractor and they said I need to start
filing my taxes quarterly which I
thought meant every 25 years
library won't wrap itself around ships
and complicated men my brain does this
that's it that's all it does I have
attention deficit disorder and learning
disabilities I don't know high school
diploma I'm smart but you can't prove it
on paper I do have a GED and if you
don't know what GD stands for
you've probably got one dude
anyway I told my wife ins that I'm
leaving today 3:30 to go to Vegas my
wife singer songwriter composer Margo
raised her name and a brilliantly
talented woman and and she says well I'm
working with a guitar player in the
studio till five o'clock you can't wait
till 5:30 so I can fly with you and I
said can you be there 5:30 and she said
yes which I knew was alike to do the
biggest liar in my life when it comes to
how long it's gonna take her to get
somewhere I hear on the phone all the
time just lying through your teeth where
two exits away traffic's really heavy we
should be there in 15 minutes like
you're in the fucking bathtub we
wouldn't be there 15 minutes if we were
where you said we were but I told her I
said you get there 5:30 you fly with me
but let me tell you something sugar tits
at 5:31 I've wheels up and I am fucking
gone
[Applause]
I've said that not very loud but I said
it
5:31 gets there is she there
no do I leave no 6:01 gets there is she
there no do I leave no why because this
dick won't suck itself that's too many
many times in fact the other day I sat
my dick down and looked him straight
nine and I said listen I know I've
drugged you into some pretty muddy shit
in the last 35 year that you get past
that learn how to suck yourself so I can
grow a spine and get on my goddamn life
[Applause]
you went in one ear and out the other my
dick has ears
it has an eye and it has two years in a
double chin mr. Potato dick the cutest
thing ever saw I got a little outfit to
put on one of them the raincoat not a
kind of a Ranko little yellow slicker
with that hat looks like that fish and
chips dude it's the exact same size as
the one on the bottom that's just an
interesting back
what is it run the interesting back
anyway so we go seal of beetles service
elation a huge fan of beetles I just
love their music always have and surf's
always fun and there are shows there at
the same time so I've never been able to
see it I got eight people from my camp
my wife sitting next to me we have great
seats but I work for the Mirage you know
everything's perfect except right behind
me these two chicks are just jabbering
not about the show just jabber and Jim
Jimmy gave a can't should gaben gayben
bullshit up gaben fucking ever fucking
gay became the kind of chicks that could
talk around a blowjob
watch all my life you know pick that
goddamn dream though I look alive in the
hearts of like a playground all right
back up one more time and maybe get a
shitty diaper at the end I'll go to swap
meet get in grant we're at our Vito's
I'm day long and I turn around and look
I notice their husbands were with them I
figure they're at a gun show trying to
find a way out of this fucking thing
[Applause]
well that's way better
I hear the guys sitting next to him go
hey could you hold it down my family's
trying to watch the show she goes fuck
you we paint our money whatever the hell
we want now I'm just a bird fucking piss
the ruin of my goddamn night I can't
hear anything with that I've been
waiting for a year to fucking see this
show and I turned around and very
politely no star with me
very politely I said lady talking there
live theatre as far as social skills
goes is like shitting in the street you
better mind your own business I said you
better quit shitting in the street
because I'll have you thrown out of here
is it if you don't quit flappin your
fuckin cock all fur
everybody heard that before is all
disturbance right behind me very few
people for maybe 2000 then 1,700 people
here we go
you know what flappin your pocket
this is all let it show called love by
the way and are murdered and buried in
the desert thanks baby
careful who you fuck with and legend has
it if you go out into the desert and the
moon is full and the wind dies down you
can still hear jabber in the street
cheer up she finished did you what the
fuck was that that's that chick rock
hill
they call this jabber Gulch my favorite
thing about playing Vegas is they get to
play this golf course called Shanno
Creek which is one of the most exclusive
golf courses in the world I work on
three years didn't even know it existed
because they knew if I found that it
existed they had pestered the fuck out
of until they put it in my contract
which is exactly what happened it's
amazing this golf course is just fucking
so trick that the first time I walked
through the gate I was like nobody
stopping that's where all the pros play
when they're in Vegas and I was out
there this summer and Tiger Woods is out
there just taking her hand
I'm a sign my golf glove I got to be the
most famous person I've ever met not
know a lot of famous people but nobody's
famous tiger by the woods
I love Tiger man I defended Tiger when
all that stuff first came out when I
heard those initial rumors I felt sick
to my goddamn stomach for the guy
because I've never been accused of doing
anything I didn't do now one goddamn
time I did it every single time
not once could I go no that was Glen
Campbell hey a lot of things smell like
strippers
and I defended him to my wife as he you
don't know what this guy's been through
he does first famous golf shot on
television when he was 2 years old you
don't know when his home laughs like he
can't judge a guy cuz he made one
mistake and he gets no number 13 14 15
16 I started going
and it got to the point where every time
he got caught with another woman my wife
would go like this what I don't even
know the fucking guy I was homeless dick
the whole time we watch to make that
long apology on television afterwards my
life goes would easy guy like Tiger
could quit cheating on his wife and I
said
[Applause]
you bet what you know is bullshit
because you know as well as I do if a
guy likes trains getting them to quit
one strange it's like getting the dog
who likes to kill chicken it's a quick
killing chickens don't even know what
you're talking about
you gotta quit killing chickens all
right let me see if I got this straight
I can still kill chickens
[Applause]
no you get your chickens anymore all
right
let's slam in a hotel room with the
chicken
let's say the chicken just wants to
touch me can I kill that chicken
no my wife told me all women want the
same thing and they want to marry
somebody who will never have sex with
anybody else no matter what yeah I said
well then maybe you should consider
marrying somebody but nobody else wants
to fuck it means that much to you don't
marry the most famous golfer in the
world marry the most famous frisbee
golfer in the world ain't no winning -
fuck that dude we had a chat about
cheating that day when my wife told me
she goes listen let's get this straight
sex is sex period I said no now wait a
minute oral sex is not the same as
intercourse she goes it's the exact same
thing I said it's not the same price
[Applause]
[Applause]
I heard that on the radio it all comes
down to opportunity man some guys are
put into a position where they have to
say no to beautiful women and that is
hard to do some guys have never put in
that position and that's wait fuckin
easier I see these big 350 pound guys
all the time going I have never cheated
on my wife but that was tough
Tiger doesn't get any credit for all
that pussy you turned down and that's
the number you're looking for right
there my wife's best friend her husband
cheated on her and my wife hates Tigers
guts and I'm like well what about that
guy you don't weigh that guy she goes he
did it one time I said he had one chance
this guy had sex with a hundred percent
of the women he possibly could his
entire goddamn life Tiger was 18 for
82,000
that takes a little goddamn discipline
right there if 82,000 women want to have
sex with you and you only fucked 18 of
them that's love he was in love with
that woman she broke his tiny dagger
you lost all those sponsors which never
made sense to me because those core
families this means I don't know one got
America gave my Fiddler's fuck what he
did I guarantee it not one guy in
America we're really time you got some
straight pussy
now one guy gave me finis
now when they were around their wives
and act like they gave a Fiddler's fuck
it all Foghorn Leghorn why I never I
can't believe a man would commit such
transgressions fools his wife houses
relationship with the Lord I'd like to
know that it says her and their buddies
are like wonder what kind of Cologne he
wears I want to smell just like that
dude
you lost so many sponsors I'm thinking
about bringing him over to Ron white ink
and not because we needed a new face for
the company I just love to have somebody
around a half to fainting heat when that
fuck up
Ron white you're the most selfish prick
I have ever met in my life
Tiger Guinea in here you tell her what
you did
Ron white you are the finest man I have
ever knew I shall fall to my bended knee
and suckle your penis well thank you
very slow down watch out for those ears
my new year's resolution this year was
to lose the weight and try to get in
better shape and I was working out
yesterday and I heard that
a spring Matt's a troll
everybody might jams up my ass about
taking better care of myself
like what
my wife bought me a bicycle thing you
know I ride it it's for sale it's good
deal too it's like new 750 yards on it
my wife wants me to start doing yoga
with her and I said like maybe I'm not
that flexible but she goes you bend over
and touch your toes game is the only way
touch my toes somebody cut some off
hands up Timmy I can't even stand on one
foot let somebody shining a flashlight
my
[Applause]
I thought this is funny we were at my
wife yoga school the other day and they
have a vegan restaurant there and my
wife goes why don't we eat here we've
never eaten here I said fine let's eat
here cuz this dick won't suck itself
it's all about compromise folks and I
take my tray around all the bean sprout
piles and I get to the cash register and
my tree is empty and the purple
dreadlock your kid that runs the cash
register goes mr. Wein aren't you gonna
have something for lunch and I said
there's just another near that I eat he
picks up a piece of carrot cake wrapped
in cellophane he handed to me whose try
this is vegetarian the carrot cake is
vegetarian yeah so you mean to tell me
there's no ham in this because my mother
makes a meat lovers carry just got
sausage pepperoni hamburger me not
really heart healthy she serves it was
the lipitor and a stent
[Applause]
they have Snuggies and have four dogs
and I love dogs but if I ever see a dog
wearing a Snuggie I'm gonna kill it
because that's what I think the dog
would want me to do I think of all dogs
gonna have it Michael Vick's gonna be a
little nervous to be made
there's gonna be an awkward pause at the
pearly gates really they're all here
yeah it seems like they're waiting on
you to my I'm gonna slip off to how
they've been lot that said fuck you we
got a lot it took 10 years of what
exactly a calf room he was in that house
for six years with five wives I would
have shot my fuckin self I'd have had my
head out the window screamin it drums
[Applause]
women with little French Bulldog their
pearls and the other day my wife said I
finally figured it out that doggies
jealous of me that dog loves through so
much she can't stand it if I'm in the
same room with you and I said oh don't
be ridiculous if she walked into the
kitchen and when she did pearl jumped on
my stomach and said I can have all your
babies at the same time
[Music]
[Applause]
she's coming back acting like nothing's
going on nothing is going on I didn't
know whether to buy more of that weed or
never smoke it again
I went with I got busted with weed in
Florida last year less than a gram of
weed and they took my happy ass to jail
I've been partying in Florida for years
I didn't even know they had laws much me
like everybody just run amok down there
and I'll run amok with you I will run
the fuck out of amok with you they took
me to jail and I tell you what happened
I fired these two pilots from being
dickheads
and there were such dickheads they
started followed my play around on a
software called FlightAware and if you
know the tail number you can follow any
plane in the world anywhere it goes and
then right before I land in a town they
call the cops telling was the drug place
so the cops are come with me that's
pretty fucking funny then they were on
the news in Atlanta where I live most of
these assholes laugh on the news going
rod white is out of control
he's drunk on his plane he smokes pot on
his plane he has sex on his plane I'm
like there's my plane we're talking
about right
no like I did that shit on a Delta
flight for fuck's sake
[Applause]
no my phone's off
[Applause]
my wife got pissed at me when I got
busted with that we did she smokes pot
fuck is up with that I come home she
goes you smoke too much pot hello let me
get this straight
you smoke the correct amount of pie
[Applause]
you ever smoked so much pot your wife
starts to make sense me either
[Applause]
I have this reoccurring dream that my
wife gets run over by a bus does that
make me a bad person I'm driving the bus
[Music]
early last year in Florida in Sea World
of Florida an animal trainer was killed
by a killer whale huh turns out there's
a reason they didn't name them ocean
ponies some things are exactly as they
seem bugs
killer whales kill pilot whales wear
dark sunglasses I'm not sure how the
sperm whale got his name but I'm not
getting in the pool
I will got his job back they put that
whale back in the show now I when I
first saw it on the internet that this
would be world news wouldn't even news
at all they put the whale back at this
this whale killed three people this is a
serial killer whale and he got his job
back if that would happen at Sea World
of Texas that way I would have gone
straight to the fucking electric pool
and that's just a regular pool with a
toaster from in it people think they're
expensive to make but it's like 14 bucks
you can reuse the extension cord people
don't know that get another toaster they
must have a sushi restaurant last year
in LA selling whale and they find them
two hundred thousand bucks that is so
fucking wrong they had to take a 50,000
pound majestic animal and serving up two
tiny slices at a time oh that's good
got any more shit shall we do
we have a shit road
we make a b-cup meme on
maybe that 14-foot fan hanging out of
the dumpster I flew to Cruiser
yeah probably sure to crows a rib
a little bit of land a half the year
last summer in Atlanta and idiot
teenager was decapitated at a major
amusement park in Atlanta on a very
famous roller coaster and now what I
thought happened was it was all the rise
stood up got his head cut off that's not
what happened
well that was while he was all the rides
hat flew off and when he got off the
ride he climbed over two fences and went
through two gays telling him what to to
retrieve this hat which attorneys I
thought he didn't really need after all
while that story's dripping with irony
mr. white
[Applause]
[Music]
the part of the show where I prove my
job better than yours cheers you guys
are fantastic thank you so much
I was at home last week and my nephew
called our house and I didn't ever
answer the phone in my house ever and I
think he was surprised that I did answer
the phone he goes oh is that you yeah
it's me he was Quran did you know it's
okay to be gay
why don't fucking phone in my house
right there now it's my problem and
where you're right it is okay to be gay
do you know what gay means that's where
a man likes a man or woman laughs woman
but I can't have babies do you believe
that six years old this kid knows what
yeah I didn't find out what game man
till I started hitchhiking
I wrote a book seven silly secrets
truckers just don't want you to know
my wife and I are big fans of the
reality TV show on HBO called pornucopia
sex in the valley the reality show about
the pornography industry in the San
Fernando Valley where most of its made
and we bought the four season - this is
fucking hilarious and this one episode
was about guys that were straight porn
stars but they were doing gay porn cuz
it pays five times the money and they're
viewing this guy and he was he I was in
a scene yesterday with five guys at the
same time and I'm not even gay
if you can even think of what to do with
five dicks at the same time your weight
fuck yeah your name
I don't have is the game part of my show
I was over there the other night with
this CBS executive and Rob known for
years great fucking dude man and he's
Kenyan I've never said a word to him
about being gay I just knew that it was
and we're having dinner in Beverly Hills
and talking about a potential show and
this chick walks him in the restaurant
it's LA smoking fucking hot man probably
an actress or model and she was in the
old which means I don't care if she has
two children I don't think the letters
line out to this but she sits at a table
kind of near us by herself and I had a
couple bottles of wine with dinner and a
couple scotches before that and I was
pretty drunk and I said you mean to tell
me that that does nothing for you and he
looked at him he is not a thing as a
human you would rather have sex with me
than her not by much
[Applause]
what if I lost some weight I'm doing
yoga and I'm eating him free carrot cake
my dick has ears
that's my favorite thing about LA is the
people out there just so goddamn pretty
man I'll tell you how it happened back
in the 20s they started making movies
out there and when they did all these
beautiful people from all over America
flocked to fuck out there to be in the
movies
and they couldn't all be in the movie
someone we got regular job but they met
those people that were in the movies
they got together they had these
beautiful babies and those babies grew
up and met other babies from the same
area and they got together and had even
more beautiful babies and almost the
exact opposite thing is happening right
now in Kansas
[Applause]
Kansas is full of ugly quitters have you
ever been there
it's true those people who live on the
fucking west coast their forefathers got
on the organ trail is part hardships you
and I can't even dream up with
starvation and weather and crossing the
Rocky Mountains not those people in
camps their forefathers a local organ
trail st. Louis Missouri they got the
Kansas suit fuck it I'm staying here and
then we'll fuck that fat girl right over
there
we had a baby it looks like a potato in
that potato grew up and met another
potato from the same town abracadabra
Topeka
[Applause]
my wife came over the store the other
day because I was in the produce
department today and this guy told me I
was beautiful
well maybe he's right you you are
beautiful yep he said it well I'm
signing now you're beautiful
yeah he said you'd really ever overdraw
his checking account you ever drive his
brand-new Mercedes straight to the fuck
garage door that ever happened like that
it happened to me and I think you're so
hot I fuck you anyway
and if you're one of these guys going on
a grocery store telling married women
they're beautiful hey fuck you kill your
own chicken you mother
my wife's best friend has an autistic
child named Louis Louis 12 years old he
was a Swedish child I have ever known no
time since he was six and we were at
their house Labor Day Lewis informed me
that he was gonna run the 40-yard dash
for the Special Olympics at Whitman high
school there where I live in Atlanta he
asked me if I come for him and I said
Lewis I'd love to come look for it I
just need to check my schedule and he
goes wait check that you're clear
[Applause]
well then I'm your man Louis and I got
to admit I was dreading it then I ended
up having fun I thought it was gonna be
sad that's why I was dreaded it's a
celebration is what it is
people are tailgating they're not
painting their faces in belly's blue but
they're cooking sauce getting hammered
betting on these races make no mistake
about it they are bet on these races
and there's not easy to handicap erase
you got 17 special needs kids in six
lanes you don't know what the fuck's
gonna happen when they fire that start
and fizzle they could scatter stop drop
and roll we saw it all that day they're
not drug testing these kids
[Applause]
the main else according to our - I was
making a little wager on my man Lewis
which I did for 100 bucks and I was
looking down the track I'm up in the
stands and I'm trying to figure out
which one's Lewis we didn't easy because
they all wear the exact same thing that
we're Special Olympics t-shirt
especially the shorts which they got
that day
well you wear whatever Footwear you want
and Louis for whatever reason they'd
chosen yellow rubber boots we didn't
make sense at first and then it started
raining fuck if this thing goes off road
I got a natural butter at Lois one
[Applause]
that's what I call him now the yellow
blurs but he loves that nickname his
mother called me other day she goes
would you please call Lewis the yellow
blur body Mona father you're the yellow
blur it's not like professional sports
you go to a Lakers game you waved at
Kobe Bryant to your arm falls off he
won't wave back to you lose weight back
to you in the middle of a fucking right
he didn't give a shit loose fan friendly
Lewis will stop sign an autograph the
yellow there I took my son tater tots to
Europe
my son twenty-one years old now he's in
college get his master's in
entertainment business
he's a great kid and he's so proud of me
smart and he's funny he has my brains
high-end piece without my low-end
problem got some good goddamn news for
daddy right we've been monitoring it
he's funny I was doing a corporate gig
in Orlando where he goes to college and
it was backstage with him and I don't
get asked to do a ton of corporate gigs
because what do you want your corporate
image to be we were hoping for an
overweight alcoholic to smoke some
toughies
let's go Luis see if Ron's free
anyway I've backstage and the grater
over my son and I wear wild socks and
because I then people give me bizarre
socks for whatever reason and a
backstage with my sight I'm putting on
these weird socks and Marshall goes dad
those socks are gay I said chicks dig
these socks he goes chicks where'd those
song alright he's my kid you can stop
those tests I love his mom I second why
I've ever argued with her ever which you
didn't want to be married somebody who
was always going to be on the road the
only argument I ever remember having
with her will is when he was a toddler
about whether or not we should spank him
and her contention was that if you had
an argument with an adult and you
disagreed with him you certainly
wouldn't hit him I said I would have
taped peed my face
I'm not kiddin me in my face shit what
the fuck happened she busted it was
internet porn when he was 15 and I felt
so sorry for it she called me just
squawk and I've been horrible for the
kids when I was 15 that was so horny I
could jack off to the Sears catalog and
that's just big-girl panties and
lawnmower
I can't imagine me at 15 years old and
having an unstoppable stream of gore
knock or be pipe straight into your
goddamn bedroom when I was a kid I had
to earn porn man you had to wait till
your friend's dad went out of town on
business you had to pull down a rickety
spring-loaded attic ladder you had to
crawl up into a dusty spider rhythm
fucking crawl space or is through
cardboard boxes till you find an eight
millimeter reel then one learn how to
work a fucking projector that's what
and after all that you got silent bushy
porn and if there was a soundtrack who's
always so fuckin stick his finger in her
ear no his penis in her rear watch the
movie we had a one friend there was two
years younger than us and human she put
her mouth
I didn't know she was gonna put it in
her mouth
[Applause]
she's gonna need to brush her teeth not
yet but she will watch the film
note to self put it in her mouth so Lori
told me she goes doesn't my last name is
because you're gonna need to talk to
your son about sex it's time and say
well you're right it is if she goes what
are you gonna do it that's it he's gonna
be at the house this weekend so I'll
talk to her man and okay fine Marshall
turn off television turn it off I need
to talk to you I said I want to talk to
you about sex Oh dad come on help you're
15 years old it's time we had this talk
and he goes okay I said the clitoris is
the sensitive is an eyeball
[Applause]
[Applause]
is that it that's all I got
don't go over up another hip it's dry
turn that TV back on boy
what about safe sex
daddy is never safe their husbands
always come home that's a fucking bed
[Applause]
he's so smart man I just can't believe
how smart kids are today he can answer
any question that you can come up with
in two seconds office following he's a
computer freak anyway but you ask any
question matter world geography in world
history notice all right and 300 years
ago clear to you there it is
well I'll get I'd to believe my mother
that's it that's all I had
mommy where the rainbows come from well
3,000 years ago an 800 year old man
named Noah was commissioned by the Lord
to build a giant ship and all the
animals - bye - you trying to run that
crap by a kid today they're like click
click bullshit
[Applause]
technique porn
hey Paul fucking on the fall
my mother didn't know the answer to a
question I had to go to the library
which is a building where they used to
store the knowledge
now it's just a place where homeless
people piss well my mother used to
dropped me off to the library when I was
a kid that was always so intimidated by
it because it was so big you had to be
quiet because the knowledge is sleeping
you had to learn a decimal system made
up myself
fuck named Dewey then he had to peruse a
hundred thousand-square-foot and Bill T
with volumes of knowledge from floor to
ceiling see on the floor he had to
cross-reference Dewey's bullshit with
the author's name in the card catalog
and you finally get to the place where
the dollars that you seek is supposed to
be and it might not fucking be there
where's the knowledge that a Sikh yes
somebody else has got it
what are they good 3-pack I keep it for
a month burn nickel how much fun to
learn what I need to know you asked your
mother my mother doesn't know how to
work a projector
she's at diddle school for fuck's sake
[Applause]
don't try to do the math on that video
this is lucky on the panel the guy
actually stopped my show a few weeks ago
and he goes when I wait a minute now if
this summer you were back in Las Vegas
that's when you broke your ticket that's
when your mother went to dental school
and now you sent me there love you say
your mother already know that dude
really you had no problem with pearl
jumping on my stomach and saying she
could have all my babies at the same
time but the math on this one joke just
got you so fucked up you just have to
talk today the internet changed
everything and certainly changed the way
people don't buy music the record
industry is on its ear man because what
they manufacture became easier to steal
than it is to buy and that's just a fact
of nature these days and they'll figure
it out
but I used to sell millions of comedy
albums and now it's hard to sell them
it's just so easy to fuckin rip it off
you know just quit click out of my IRA
into your African pod
when I was a kid you had to get a ride
to Sears which is a building you had to
find the record apartment on your own
then you had to cram a 12 inch by 12
inch album down your shorts
then you had to Spongebob Squarepants it
with Led Zeppelin to cram down your
fucking pants hoping nobody was gonna
catch your ass that's stealing music we
didn't have viagra you had to like
somebody to fuck them
I'm kidding you didn't either you that
much fuck the hell out of we didn't have
blue mountains on our beer cans to tell
you if they were cold you had to open
the refrigerator or reach in there and
touch that beer can or you'd never know
[Applause]
but somebody somewhere with what if we
only had some sort of thermostat on each
individual hand like a mountains
changing the color to see the optimum
freakin temperature Thank You Rocky
Mountain even though your beer tastes
like ass
those mountains should turn brown
I tore that's what I do I go from city
to city to city to city have done it for
27 years I've been coming to Austin all
27 of those years
they'll beat around to the last stop for
the capital city down to the Paramount
to the Paramount to the Panama hat and a
pair of my how is my paper over the
whole life bug in the world I tore with
my wife usually and I love to tour with
my wife because I'd only have sex with
my wife and I don't have sex with other
women I've been married three times and
that is no we've been my policy when I
was young I used to talk to my cousins
about this race we were gonna have to
see who gets married first I came in
second fourth and seventh
I feel like my wife misled me a little
bit when we first got together because
when we first got together she was all
about you know what I don't ever want to
have children I'm just one of those
women that never felt the urge to give
birth and I don't like real diamonds I
don't like them because of that blunt
Haman thing you know what I like to do
suck dick and cook I like to suck dick
and I like to cook in fact when I'm not
cooking I'm sucking dick and when I'm
not sucking dick I am cooking in fact if
there was a way I could suck your dick
while I was cooking if we got a stool
and you stood on it and I could blow you
while I'm scrambling some eggs wearing
fake jewelry not having a baby all of
the same
[Applause]
that would be heaven for me fuck me to
cut the 5 years later she's on the phone
with China trying to adopt the babies
you get a diamond on her finger with
like a solar book and heating unit I'm
jacking off eating the TV dinner
[Applause]
wonder what she's got under that Snuggie
[Music]
but she's naked he shit out of that
Snuggie
[Applause]
we have a great sex life ever 69 someone
so long you start to miss each other
then the snow turn to rain
[Music]
April May Elizabeth and we can both use
shake
[Applause]
we did it one time so long it turned
into another number is this a 71 if your
toe in my nose
my wife has a new move in the bedroom my
wife's name live in the bedroom is look
at me look at me open your eyes look at
me that's a lot of pressure
look into the eyes of the woman you love
while you're making love and look deep
into her soul and still see another
woman but the fuck are you doing here I
thought you got hit by a bus I'm great
at sex I come every time I'm like $4,000
our some ridiculous goddamn number of
gifted really I guess my wife's maybe
1/3 as good as me I don't think she's
trying another day what's the fucking
problem here baby she goes well for one
thing there's a fat sweaty guy laying on
top of me will that break my
concentration
get off me dude I'm trying to come
I was not sure what I'm about to come I
have the focus of a Navy SEAL afterwards
I'll lay there like a wounded manatee
poking with his dick see if he knew
[Applause]
my wife give us the best hand if you
ever have a chance first time my wife
gave me a blowjob my hands with my muck
and we've driven a stroke for this girl
knows her way around all women and I
told her we she got finished I said
that's the best damn blow job I ever had
in my life my whole lot and she goes I
know it's kind of weird because I used
to be not that good at it I was talking
to my friend tad the floors lived down
the street and ideas to ask him out he
does
you suck my dick like Ted the florist
that motherfucker knows what he's doing
now every time I see Jenna my yarn over
the school dude call it tej head to
limbs for every occasion
you could open ahead and breakfast
well then what would my slogan be food
it's the only thing that doesn't suck
you guys have been fantastic I'm gonna
close with my oh
so nobody's watching the dogs again I'll
try to get pearl to play by my face
Pearl's favorite things you could have
ultimate babies at the same time her
favorite thing in the world is for me to
buy her face because she's like a billy
goat
fucking elbow or whatever it has no
feeling it so if I lay down on the floor
sometimes you didn't do it last show so
we have to be quite sure if I tell her
to back my face don't grow it and jump
up and land or mouth right on man face
oh I'll bite me so let's try
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
well that was way better than I thought
it would
[Applause]
I'm gonna close the show this evening
with my dr. Phil story dr. Phil McGraw
is a as a friend of mine we play golf
together all the time Los Angeles and
he's a great guy you never know me we
became friends from him being a fan and
you never know if you see somebody on TV
what they're gonna be like in person who
knocks a solid fucking dude I guarantee
you that he's straight as he can be but
he's a great fucking hang and he's a
great asset for me my father passed away
when I was young and now I'm in this big
business world and I can balance all
these things that I have going on off a
doc and his 35 where everything that's a
big deal for me and I'm a really good
friends with his son Jay McGraw anyway
the other day I was talking to my son
about self-esteem and a few days later I
was playing golf at doc and I said doc
leave him to tell somebody one thing to
do to make themselves feel better about
who they are what would it be
and he said finish the things you star
and I said well that's that's brilliant
and I went home and there was a handful
bottle of scotch
I think I know what he's getting that
that's not my doctor pills story here's
my doctor history every year doc and his
family rent a yacht for 12 days in the
Mediterranean and that's their vacation
it's the only way he can get away you
know because he is the most famous
person in America he's the most
recognizable face six foot four bald
dome head poor must that you can spot
him from painting fucking water and
because he seemed so approachable on
television and he really is approachable
I mean a sweetheart of a dude but people
are always - anytime he goes out in
public there's no whatever it would've
meant and that's fine at first but
eventually he will eat the skin off your
fucking bones if you can't walk out of
your house without somebody going oh
[Applause]
that's exactly how it happens I've seen
it so that's what they do
well last this summer of my wife went on
vacation to france and monaco and hi you
know i'd be to break too sometimes I do
146 a year I work I do more dates than
any other kind of like the more cities
than any other comic working today
because I just love fucking doing it and
20 minutes from now nobody's gonna give
a fuck about what I have to say
while they do I believe I'll do a lot of
shows so we're in France Monaco and
having a great time and we're just I'm
really in love with my wife she's so so
talented we have a fun life together and
then over there and then one day the
Palmer is in this dock and he goes
aren't you guys in Monaco and I said
yeah because we're gonna be in Monaco
tomorrow
why don't you come party on yeah that's
it oh yeah
which is what you say if somebody says
you want to come party on the I oh yeah
hey let's try it one time you woke up
party on the yacht I don't have yet so I
was like fuck this is great man we're
excited we were down there we're staying
at the Fairmont Hotel overlooking yacht
harbor in Monaco very cold place and we
were down there looking at the yesterday
before wouldn't it be cool if you knew
somebody that had one of these things
you could just hop on it and fucking
throw the puck man and it's everybody
shot man this is yacht heaven this is
steve wynn job Prince Albert of Monaco
job this is that Russian dude with a
tiny giraffes
[Applause]
anyway they're coming at 6:30 the next
evening so the next morning we wake up
next afternoon we wake up we go have
this amazing lunch we're drinking this a
fucking great wine from Diane's father
that'd be my guess I had to guess and I
did have to guess France and we're just
having a great great day just fucking
and then we got out of the fucking
harbour that evening 6:30 sure enough
docks backing in a 165-foot
I'm not sure that's how they do so the
only way to get on the yachts to walk on
this game clinic to get on the net
walking on the gameplay going nobody
stopped
and we get on the oven there's our
friends in California halfway around the
world are you fucking kidding me how
much water we have it I'm a hug and
airplay there's a bunch of people yeah
well anytime I'm hugging you and I'm in
in a strange place what I'm really doing
is looking over your shoulder trying to
find a bar that's why I'm turning you
and I see the bar here at the
differences of the bar is a bottle of
famous black brown which is a scotch I
started drinking when I was in Scotland
for the Open Championship at Turnberry
and you start looking at what the Scots
drink and this potato cake and I'm like
oh yes and there they had a bottle of it
on the bucket in his counter to fine and
the bartender pour me up big ol glass a
whiskey way bigger that's what and I'm
like I'm in such a great way to teach it
better than I ever tasted any fucking
Scott ever like that tastes like butter
honey aged and Lindsay Lohan's pussy
[Applause]
it taste is so good I've decided to skip
dinner and just have a couple more of
them scare me up another one of these
how about one more I had a dream since
lunch I was like thirsty I was going at
it you know and Doc noticed I was really
drinking hard well you really drinking
the night rhyme and I said yeah doc
something just tastes like spring water
he goes why don't you just drink spring
water Ron I don't know I'm not a fucking
doctor
[Applause]
but this is going on four fucking hours
now now they really love Margo they're
really really love my wife Margo Margo
saw it on dr. Phil show a few times and
they go everywhere to see her and Margo
is a four and a half octave classically
trained opera singer the st. Roch role
in jazz and whatever she's been singing
here for years and Robin McGraw loves to
go to my wife into singing and my wife
loves to be goaded into singing so they
made a great little fucking team so
we're on the back of this job and Robin
goes come on Margo sing for us gets up
there's people on the back party on all
these jobs the bar love the pair people
out there and Margo gets up and she
sings that they love jazz in Fran that's
a Monica they have dance clubs all over
the place and she gives up and she sings
a jazz standard a full voice which I hug
I don't get to hear her sing a full boy
she sings around the house but not a
full voice and when she's in her full
voice it makes me cry oh and she
finished the first song at full voice
and people stand up on the back of all
these jaws and start cheering there yeah
and like oh how cool is this man they
really dig jazz I forgot how much they
dig chance she gets up sings another
song fucking screaming and then people
are gathering up around the back of the
boat by song for there's 400 people
behind this boat listening to her sing
you could hear a pin drop just like this
pin drop and she's just killing it and I
have a little secret
I am fucking hammered man I am so
[Applause]
I can't even believe it my fucking self
found drunk I am away
[Applause]
[Music]
and I was I would take I got to get a
drink and I'd take one little sip out of
it I talk somebody I look back in those
empty anybody else being on this glass
miscalculations
anyway she does seven or eight songs and
she goes okay guys that's enough if
she's just a lead doctors well Ron you
want to do something
I got a preface this with he's on
vacation with his best friend and head
lawyer and his wife Mary Pat their
patches from Dallas near a little buck
astray and they're about to find out my
secret about 20 years ago I was doing a
bet that was so filed and I only did it
for about a week and I just quit doing
it I'm like that's not the direction I
want to take my crown for my show and I
have no idea when I picked that night to
dust her off and take her for a spin
the other day I was Ted fucking Mamie
Eisenhower right before I came my dick
slipped it went straight down a trachea
to here's the moral question do you pull
out or dump a load into our lungs yachts
are pulling up anchor on both sides up
with use fast as they can pull them up
hanging negative that they're leaving
the harbor so fast there's a surfable
wait there's a stampede of tiny giraffes
diving off the pier swimming towards the
ocean and certain people are poor kids
off the pier I don't think they are me I
wanted to do it again that goes in
Margo's cannon me have you been tapped
out
come on baby it's time to go she's seen
it
come on honey wishes go back to the
hotel's time for us to go come on baby
baby let's just go back hotel come on
rock yes peak floor drunk that means I
don't know why I wanna have to leave
turns out there with a consensus how the
only way to get off the ship is to walk
back off that plank and it's at the end
of the gangplank there's an 18 inch drop
off and my wife's in front of me
Margaret is in front of me and I get to
the end of the gangplank got those big
staff Ron has it thanks doc thinking
I've made a big step toward something
funk I don't know he's a big sure
ecology economy
it's amazing how much speed you could
pick up in 18 inches it's nothing like
falling over on the same level that
you're already on I slammed down to that
fucking pier I landed square on this
elbow dislocated this shoulder what a
4-inch gash down the back of my arm and
I was so drunk I just bounced off that
pier
fade to black
I wake up the next morning with the shoe
buddies all I do is lay there and bed
I can't move my shoulder my shirt stuck
to my arm with blood and giraffe hair
whatever the fuck else you find on a
date
[Applause]
I have a wet Jolly Rancher in my armpit
samer Apple had to cut it out with a
pair of scissors
you almost can't eat a master that
[Applause]
sure baby
slowly open my akin and there's mark you
got really drunk last night Rob would
that do well you did the ditch fuck it
Mamie Eisenhower story
did Mary Pat laughs Mary Pat left just
what Mary Pat did
you think they invite us back over to
party on me hot today because I don't
know what's gonna happen man around I
don't know
walks out of room slammed the door and I
just start berating myself I'm like you
know lady do that right mining you get
so drunk it ruins things for other
people what can you just drink like a
regular goddamn person is that too much
to ask you have a wonderful son and a
beautiful wife a great career why don't
you make some changes in your laps it'll
make a difference in the long run about
then the phone rang and it was dogged he
goes you gotta come Barney on the yacht
[Applause]
God my watch they're hard to miss - so
again