
thanks man
you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
start off this evening by asking you a
question because I don't know the answer
I lost my sunglasses and I yesterday I
went to the sunglass hut here's the
question why does a pair of sunglasses
cost more than a 25 inch color
television set I go to the sunglass hut
I see a pair of glasses I like I don't
love them I don't I like them
309 bucks and I asked the guy very
politely how do you sleep at night your
little prick
and I told him and this is true that two
weeks ago I bought a 25 inch color
television set from Walmart for 218
bucks and he goes well apparently sir
you don't get it
I'm listening because these glasses
eliminate a hundred percent of all UV
rays I know apparently you don't get it
this thing decodes a digital satellite
signal it picks up from outer fucking
space
and then it turned out the glasses got
basic-cable and I felt like a dickhead
[Applause]
look Braveheart fight you ever take a
crap so big your pants fit better
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm hoping that happens to me later
tonight because these babies don't fit
anymore I'm hoping I'm one big turd away
from backing into an old wardrobe
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
yesterday I was sitting in a beanbag
chair naked eating Cheetos and
I was flipping through the television
and I saw Robert Tilton he's a
televangelist from Dallas and he was
staring at me and he said this he said
are you lonely yeah
he said if you wasted half your life and
bars pursuing sins of the flesh this
guy's good
he said are you sitting in a beanbag
chair naked eating Cheetos yes sir
[Applause]
said do you feel the urge to get up and
send me $1000 clothes
I thought he was talking about me there
for a second
apparently I ain't the only kid on the
block digs cheeto so it's great to be
back in Kalamazoo at the state
last time I was here they took me to the
Blues Festival which and I love the
blues but the they need to figure out
some problems with the festival I don't
I don't like the party anywhere you
can't just give somebody money and they
give you back a beer you know what I
mean
I started in line for an hour my mouth
is dry I want a beer I love beer I know
they're selling beer people are walking
away from the front of the line
they've got beer that's how I figured
the whole thing out I get up there I
give the guy my money goes we don't take
money here
what do you take
coupons
[Applause]
hahaha
[Applause]
poopins
where do I get a coupon
see that line over there it takes
forever I stood in that line for an hour
I gotta show my driver's license birth
certificate fill out a form they mail
that away send me back some coupons
what are you doing Ron I'm waiting on
you pas sir
there's a good chance I'll have a beer
by Thursday I'm partying like a Kennedy
right now
I was a game to add a hundred bucks cash
on me about a hundred bucks worth of
coupons and then some guys that took me
there asked me if I wanted to go to a
topless club and I didn't want to go I
just ended up going cuz you guys back me
up on this you've seen one woman naked
you want to see the rest of them that
they could be an old biker chick you
know they're gonna hang down to here's
your C Matt Jeannie yeah
[Applause]
all right that's enough rolling back up
sweet
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
things that make you go and then closing
time came around and the tabs came out
and I found out the titty bar don't
accept them coupons the guy Taco Bell
told me to kiss his ass I'll give you
$40 where the coupons for a burrito with
cheese it's all of God it's a coupon so
I saw something that comes close to
truth in advertising the De Beers people
are almost saying what they really mean
because the old De Beers slogan was
diamonds are forever then they changed
it to this year take her breath away the
new slogan is diamonds render her
speechless why don't they just go ahead
and say it
diamonds that'll shut her up
for a minute
[Applause]
so man I was just in Miami fuck I don't
I was a couple years ago so I didn't
just just would not be the word but I
was working there with Fox when
Hurricane George hit the keys I just
thought this is kind of funny they
evacuated the keys and everybody left
except for I've been through two
hurricanes I was in hurricane Carla when
I was a kid in Houston and I was really
excited during hurricane time you know
cause it's out there in the Gulf and
it's dangerous and I was like this is
cool till shit started hitting our house
I was like but anyway they evacuated the
keys and everybody leaves except for one
guy who's gonna stay there and tie
himself to a tree on the beach to prove
a point and the point was he said that
at 53 years of age he was in good enough
physical condition to withstand the wind
and the rain from a forestry hurricane
all right let me explain something to
you it isn't that the wind is blowing
it's what the wind is blowing
if you get hit with a Volvo it doesn't
really matter how many sit-ups you did
that morning
and if you have a yield sign in your
spleen joggin don't come into play
I can run 25 miles without stopping
you're bleeding man last time I was here
I had somebody broke into my truck and
stole my radio thank you whoever you
were I got to drive back to Texas listen
the sound to win for 49 hours
I went to the insurance-company I was
filling out these forms and I got to the
part on the form where it says what kind
of radio was it and that's all the guy
didn't remember and he said mr. white if
you can remember what kind of radio was
will know how much money to give you
have some good news right there I
thought of a real expensive sounding
brand and I wrote it down and he knew I
was alive mr. white I don't believe
Rolex makes a radio it was a clock radio
brat to check premium boy they love it
when you call them premium boy next time
you see your aging Hollywood premium boy
you'll get a chuckle so I almost almost
died this year actually I didn't almost
die I didn't even get hurt I was in a
near-miss plane crash we were making a
movie and I was flying from Flagstaff
Arizona to Phoenix Arizona because my
manager doesn't own a globe
we're on a plane that big it's like a
pack of gum with eight people in it
[Music]
and what happened was we took off from
the Flagstaff Airport haircare and tire
center there we're traveling at half the
speed of smell we got passed by kite
there was a goose behind us in the pile
it was screaming go around we get
halfway to Phoenix we got to go back
it's a nine minute flight can't pull it
off with this equipment we had engine
trouble we lost some oil pressure and
one of the engines and they told us
about it over the speaker system of the
plane which was stupid because they
could have just went hey we lost some
oil pressure heard you sure did
it was weird everybody on the plane was
nervous but I've been drinking it says
lunch I was like take it down I don't
give a shit
you ever have one of those days to hit
something hard I don't want to live away
from this piece of shit the guy sitting
next to me is losing his mind apparently
he had a lot to live for
he goes hey man he mean if one of these
engines fails how far will the other one
take us all the way to the scene of the
crash
[Music]
which is pretty handy because that's
where we're headed
I bet we beat the paramedics there by a
half-hour we're hauling a hash
[Applause]
so I've got a really good job I like my
job I it's important to have a good
vocabulary you know actually I haven't
always had a good vocabulary when I was
young if I'd known the difference
between antidote and anecdote my friend
Bob Schneider and still be alive today
[Applause]
he got bit by a copperhead I'm reading
him humorous stories out of Reader's
Digest I'll tell you a little bit about
myself I'm from Texas I'm a cowboy a
real cowboy I was
I was a bronc rider for six years of my
life and it's affected me now when I
have sex my arm goes like this
[Applause]
seems to be some dispute between the
wife and I whether or not I'm staying on
that fall eight seconds
so we got the timer and buzzer and set
it up right there in the bedroom and I
taught her the meaning of the phrase and
most of the time would have been all the
time but she won't let me try that rope
around her waist anymore she hates it
when I spur her out of the chutes hey
you laughs is not easy to keep an
erection with a clown and a barrel and
the coroner
here's a sir you gotta focus I'm
probably not a typical Texan in that I
don't hunt a fish but I don't hunt and
not because I think it might somehow be
more holy to eat meat that's been
bludgeoned to death by somebody else
that's not it it's really early in the
morning it's really cold outside and I
don't want to go
my cousin ray on the other hand thing's
killing a deer with a deer rifle is
magic in the forests I'd like to do for
you now my impression of my cousin ray
after the big kill
well it was 4:00 in the morning 22
degrees outside core if you weren't
there
pussy
[Applause]
I'm in a camouflaged ear blind with
grease paint on my face
I've got deer urine on my boots I'm not
sure why I made that part up
[Applause]
I got a thirty out six with the 12 power
scope and a bullet that will travel
twenty-two hundred feet per second when
that deer looked up to lick the salt
sucker I'd hung from the dango tree
caught him right above the eye weight
yeah well I hit one with a van going 55
miles an hour with the headlights on and
the horn blew in whew that's an elusive
little creature
you ever miss once cuz the bullets
moving too fast slow the bullet down to
55 miles an hour put some headlights in
a little horn on it the deer will
actually jump in front of the bullet
[Applause]
out
so I am a married man happily married
man thank you very much for asking I am
married a rich woman if you ever have a
choice
go ahead actually that's uh that's the
lot she's not rich at all her parents
are and they hate my and I'm waiting for
them to yeah
[Applause]
and you'll know if they die too cuz
you'll never see my fat ass again I'll
be in Palm Beach with my new friends and
me a bear teddy
servants rich my in-laws have servants
is that weird I thought when I married
their daughter they had sent a servant
along with us to help do all the shit
they never taught her how to do and I
was wrong
we're now leaning on her domestic skills
and who she's handy okay well we're
doing a show the other night she goes
honey the dryers broken why did you
check the lint filter sweetheart sit out
honey I'll check it I open it up is
there anything in there there's a quilt
in there
[Applause]
look you made a sofa cushion I hear a
lot of this I hear a lot of Rio Grande
you're pretty good-sized oh boy
but I guess a little woman's a good cook
bullshit oh I got a little better when
she figured out that smoke alarms not a
hammer
[Applause]
I have to have to tell her honey the
food is done before that particular
buzzer goes off his real bad when we
first got married the first meal she
cooked in our new house
I couldn't eat it I gave it to my dog
he started licking his butt she comes in
the kitchen is what's he doing looks
like he's trying to get the taste out of
his mouth
everything that emerged you to my wife
because you never had to deal with their
own problems
spoil cater to her whole life there's no
cure right for that I was in Atlanta one
time she calls me one night misses me in
the hotel room they catch me in the
lobby and tell me I have any emergency
phone call from home I knocked over ten
people in the lobby of a very nice hotel
thinking maybe my in-laws
[Applause]
I call her she tells me my dog Sluggo
just took a dump on the new carpet shoot
him she goes that's just like you wrong
I have a genuine problem and you're
being sarcastic all right honey I'm
sorry
put the dog on the phone I'll talk to
her
what do you want me to do I'm in Georgia
I can't pick up the turd put a paper
towel over it I'll be home in a week
honey
I get home it looks like a little
campground in the living room
somebody's having a poopa Palooza
concert let him outside he'll shit out
there I've seen him doing
we have a beautiful son his name is
Marshall I named him after an amplifier
almost named him VV come here blob punk
you little woofer get over here
my son is 5 years old my son thinks 5
years old is a very cool age to be
because that's the coolest age he has
gotten to his favorite thing about being
5 years old is he's old enough to wear a
seat belt that's his biggest visible
step towards manhood so far in his eyes
you know he's trapped in the truck just
like his daddy and he thinks that's
great I think it's great too because I
Drive a four-wheel-drive truck and I
learned this about four-wheel drive
trucks it doesn't really matter how big
the motor is or how big the tires are
your macho days are over when you strap
a car seat in the front of that bad boy
you just can't show it off to your
buddies you know what it means he just
you can't make yourself go what that
that's got the Vortech v8 running 285
horsepower yeah that that's a Manitou
walk power winch at a pulled 28 tons
right out of the ditch yeah that that's
a place cool car seat with the big bird
steer wheel attachment
let's bird on the Blaker Ernie on the
windshield wiper that's big bird in the
middle you can honk at Fat Bastard if
you want to well in two weeks I'll have
the Cookie Monster flip mirror back
ordered it on me I don't want to drive
the truck anymore about this big 2-story
custom vans at or in and it's kind of
neat it's got the James Bond couch in
the back where you push a button and the
couch in the back automatically turns
into a bed and I'm like well that's cool
I finally got something over those
Mercedes Benz driving in-laws of mine
you know what I mean when I first bought
the van I was real proud of it and I
took it straight over to my
brother-in-law's house to show it off
because he's such a prick
he takes one look at my new van he goes
I can't believe you didn't buy a
mercedes-benz
they don't make a van
they hate it when you do that it was
wrong I don't think you fully understand
the intricacies of mercedes-benz
engineering why I've got the 3-inch
windshield wiper that keeps my head like
clean in a rainstorm I got a place to
fuck your sister
I don't know why they don't like me bet
you wish you had one of these it's a kit
[Applause]
kiddin I want to screw up good whiskey
Oh tasty actually that was all bullshit
I just got a divorce I just wanted to do
those three jokes before I told you
and I'll tell you what went wrong and I
cuz I feel like I can be honest with you
folks and you won't judge me or maybe
you will I don't care but I'll tell you
it's very very difficult to marry out of
your class I come from a lower
middle-class family my daddy worked his
ass off his whole life for not very much
and that does not make you better than
me you know what I mean
my dad was a good man
right
and they're always going to just look
down their nose act like you're supposed
to be carrying some piss bucket for him
or something and if you're not willing
to carry the piss bucket it ain't gonna
work and that she got convinced in her
crazy head that I had sex with this girl
in Columbus Ohio and I did not tell you
why when you enter into a monogamous
relationship with somebody usually do it
at a point the relationship when you're
having a lot of sex so you're willing to
sign the papers I'll only have sex with
you ever ever ever ever well if that
person stops having sex altogether while
you find yourself in quite a pickle I'm
a pretty good dog but if you don't pet
me every once in a while it's hard to
keep me under the porch I'm not as
flexible as a real dog but I'll tell you
what happened to I was in Columbus Ohio
I haven't been laid in three months
three months you can't go three months
without having sex with me I'll go have
sex with somebody else I know I've seen
me do it
I did a show one night I came on stage
as a gorgeous woman maybe 35 40 years
old a long black dress lit up to her
waist gorgeous give me a second and I
walked offstage she goes I thought you
were hilarious I want to buy you with
drink I'm like I can't do that I'm
married because I didn't ask you what
had sex big boy asked he's gonna have a
drink at my place I'm like okay well you
know that little guy that sits on your
shoulder that reminds you of your prior
commitments and your moral fortitude and
your peep out of that yeah he hadn't
been laid in three months either he was
speechless for like 20 minutes and he
was like sucker Teddy
[Applause]
I was gonna I'm having a three-way with
my conscience sues all things over he's
back at his post that was wrong mister
wait 20 minutes ago you were beating up
on my shoulder monkey boy I hate him he
smokes pot he burned a hole in my other
jacket
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been spending a ton of time in Los
Angeles I learn things when I go to LA I
learned this they have bikinis now made
out of seashells I didn't know that and
I also didn't know this if you're ever
walking down the beach and you see a
girl dressed in a bikini made out of
seashells and you pick her up and hold
her to your ear you can hear her scream
[Applause]
who'd a thunk it I I thought I'd hear
the ocean but not over that woman okay
hush ma'am she was a wiggler la changes
people I got a buddy of mine from
Houston his comedian moved to LA six
months ago six months in LA don't know
him
six months in LA now he's a vegetarian
and humanitarian and environmentalist
you know great if you're here tonight
you're a vegetarian shut up
you're not going to recruit me I did not
climb to the top of the food chain to
eat carrots
it's not even that good for you ever see
a healthy looking vegetarian they look
like shit no they are all plump and gray
because their bodies become intolerant
of things they need now give you an
example I'm on the way to the Melrose
improv in Hollywood to do a set with my
buddy and he says this and I quote I
feel nauseous and I have a headache I
think that vegetable soup I had for
lunch
must have had beef broth in it I didn't
know what to say
your systems kicking back bro
[Applause]
you're a manly man aren't you
why are you a vegetarian I asked him but
it wasn't even because meat was bad for
you said that raising cattle was bad for
the planet with cow flatulence in the
ozone and the clearing of land for the
raising of cattle what are you doing to
help the environment I'm eating the cows
[Applause]
but I'm only one man
[Music]
whatever the hell that meant every time
I read a newspaper in Los Angeles
California I get pissed because things
don't have to make sense in LA I read an
article of paper in LA the so they're
gonna try to outlaw the big screen
real-life handguns shooting video games
because they say that that's what's
wrong with the youth of America today
they learned how to accurately shoot
guns with video game it's not a
parenting problem a little fucking no no
it's a video problem let that piss you
off when you have a genuine problem you
try to attack a solution - it's got
nothing to do with the problem you know
what I mean I came up with a great idea
don't outlaw those machines give them to
the state troopers of California because
they're some of the worst shots I've
ever seen in my life I saw a shootout
once live on TV that went on for so long
eventually the criminal got frustrated
and shot himself
and the cops are on TV whining about it
going he's got on body armor he's got on
body armor I'm watched alive on seeing
him going I see his head shoot him in
the fucking head give my kid a shot that
daddy good shot poot everybody relax
poot took him out thank God
poot was there with his considerable
skills horrible shot some cops are you
ever see tape of the Kehoe brothers from
Ohio those guys that get out of that
white suburban they show it on cops
these guys folks have a shootout with
the police at point-blank range nobody
gets hurt
I would love to a been at the office the
next day when that guy's being
interviewed by the chief and then what
happened well at that point I unloaded
my semi-automatic 9-millimeter weapon at
point-blank range and then what happened
they left
nice shootin elmer fudd there was a kid
in Detroit
three years ago shot eight bullets hit
nine people these two cops shot 22
bullets didn't even hit the fuckin
suburban
give those guys a roll of quarters drop
them off at the mall that's all I'm
saying
you know what I mean it's just not like
Texas you know tell you the biggest
difference between Texas and California
in Texas we have the death penalty and
we use
that's right if you come to Texas and
kill somebody we will kill you back
that's our policy we're trying to send a
message to the rest of America and the
message is go somewhere else and kill
people
go to California they don't give a shit
I wasn't watching a case on Court TV
when I was out there I got so mad steam
was shooting out of my ears
this guy's convicted of a triple
homicide this guy kills a grandmother a
mother and a granddaughter without
provocation he and a crime so heinous I
can't even fit it in my head he
sentenced to death by a jury of his
peers and right before it comes time to
carry out the sentence a group of people
on his behalf on his behalf
stand up and they go we can't kill him
he's too crazy to know we're killing him
and what the hell are we arguing about
if you don't know the difference and it
makes me feel better
how do you know he's crazy that's what I
want to know of course he's crazy kill
three people you know yeah this is what
they said he rolls his turds into little
balls and eats crayons
I'm like shit you gotta quit putting all
crazy people in one group goddammit
you got to separate a bump a little bit
you know what I mean what does that
crazy person do
oh he rolls his turds into little balls
and eats crayons find out feed him for
the rest of his life
what does that crazy person do
oh he kills productive members of our
society Ali shoulda rolled his shit into
little balls and ate crayons
because the penalty is much less severe
for trying to pass a bill right now
through the Texas Legislature that'll
speed up the process of execution in
heinous crime where there's more than
three credible eyewitnesses if more than
three people saw you do what you did you
don't sit on death row for 15 years Jack
you go straight to the front of the line
other states or other states are trying
to abolish the death penalty
my state's putting in an express lane
I did that bit out in California and
this guy comes up to me after the show
and you could tell he was nervous to
talk to me and he goes because you know
what that may be true about Texas the
death penalty but you know what you know
what what he waited for me to say well
that's kind of cute because there's an
old law in Texas that states that in
Texas you cannot shoot somebody in the
back no matter what they did to you or
your family or your place of business
it's illegal for you to in turn shoot
them in the back yeah but you can start
shooting them in the leg till they turn
around
because eventually they're gonna get
curious who shoot me in the leg I wonder
quietly to myself oh that guy
never turn around I was talking to a
buddy of mine the other day my five a
friend that's a is real
he's a homophobe that's a most useless
thing you could possibly be is afraid it
gave people I was talking to him the
other day and he goes it was me in this
world to be better for would so many
queers and I'm like you know what the
next time you have a thought let it go
like a we're all gay it's just a what
extent of you gay oh that bullshit man I
ain't gay at all
I'm like yeah you aren't I can prove it
he goes fine prove it I'm like alright
do you like porn he goes yeah I love
porn you know that my god do you only
watch scenes with two women together
no no I watch a man a woman making love
like oh dear like the guy to have a
small half flaccid penis there's no I
like big heart throbbing cock
I did not know that about myself
I promise Sears I would tell this story
on stage every night until the lawsuit
settled
I had my Vandana Savannah Georgia I
didn't like the way the tires were
wearing on it I took the van to Sears
automotive a trusted name in automotive
service take some three and a half hours
to change four tires apparently they had
to whittle one of them out of a piece of
wheat I pay them 980 dollars of my hard
earned money I take a right-hand turn
out of the mall the left rear wheel
falls off it falls off it falls the fuck
off
turning my van into a tripod spinning me
into a dimension of pissed off I have
never been in before in my life
this guy was a tired guy that's all he
did he didn't some days work on
transmissions he was a tired guy
Sears I found out later had sent him to
tyre College for three days well
apparently he was sick on lugnut day but
they still let him work on my van so I'm
suing them and I hope that next year
they have to change the name of Sears
Tower in Chicago - Ron White's big old
goddamn building
you guys can all come over and party too
I'm gonna have a lot of room think we
ought to clean up runs hell no man do
another floor will Kong up there
somebody grab my butt bring the window
bring your coupons
[Applause]
I got thrown out of a bar in New York
City
now when I said I got thrown out of a
bar I don't mean somebody asked me to
leave we walk to the door together and I
said bye everybody I gotta go
six bouncers hurled me out of a
nightclub like I was a fridge beat those
big old bouncers that go home every
night watch Roadhouse and beat off you
know I'm talking about Patrick Swayze's
hitting another guy for wearing a hat I
walk into a bar with a hat on this guy
real piss he goes took off the Hat what
what's the deal he goes I think what the
deal is faggots in this area where hatch
we're trying to keep my two ball club
well I already the only way we could
tell down south is if they have their
hair cut like your
[Music]
and he got all pissed but he walked away
and I took that off and like an hour
later I've been drinking and I forgot
you ever forget happened to me
I put the hat back on the guy comes over
to me now I'm between six one and six
six depending on which convenience store
I'm leaving I weighed 235 pounds this
guy comes over to me poking me in the
shoulder with two fingers says you're
out of here
Wow thanks folks cooter and I was wrong
they hurled my and then they squared off
with me in the parking lot and I backed
down from the fight cuz I don't know how
many of them it would have taken to whip
my ass but I knew how many they were
gonna use
[Applause]
it's a handy little piece of information
to have right there overkill well they
called the police because we broke a
chair on the way out the door and I
refused to pay for it the cops showed up
and at that point I had the right to
remain silent
but it didn't have the ability the cop
says mr. white you're being charged with
drunk in public
I was drunk in a bar they threw me into
public I don't want to be drunk in
public I want to be drunk in a goddamn
bar which is perfectly legal arrest them
well he didn't arrest them instead they
call in for my arrest record there's
some good news
satellites are linking up in outer space
computer banks at NASA kicking on
there's a telegraph infinity this part
textbook shorthand beep now I told you
that story to tell you this story when I
was 17 years old I was arrested for
being drunk in public seemed to be a
pattern if you knew Morse code you would
already know that
when one DWI which was a bogus charge
because it turns out they were stopping
every vehicle traveling down that
particular sidewalk and that's profiling
I believe in the drunken public charge
and Fritsch the arresting officer who I
had literally known all my life you know
what I mean this guy live four doors
down from me in a town of less than 400
people we've met he takes me to jail
when we get there he asked me if I have
any aliases and I was just being a
smartass and said yeah they call me
tater salad 17 years later in New York
City I'm handcuffed on a bench with
blood coming out of my nose this cop
goes are you wrong tater salad why you
caught me you caught the tater you can
take down those roadblocks now I call my
son Tater Tot and boot I am a dog lover
actually I love my dog I don't give a
shit about your dog I don't know your
dog man your dog could be an asshole
I don't know sluggos an English Bulldog
Sluggo don't Jack with me hurt hurt hurt
hurt her great you know what I do don't
when he's asleep I lift up those big old
huge Bulldog gels and I had him and Em's
and shit in there
he wakes up in the mornings like it's
gonna be a good day tater he cost me to
hit her
[Applause]
he's a great dog he's sick right now
which is the painting the buck of the
vegans sick you can't just feed him
medicine he'll spit it out and you got
to hide it in a piece of cheese I
started him out last year for pick of
the litter
and I put him with the female dog for a
couple of weeks and then to make sure it
took I took him down to the
veterinarian's office and had artificial
insemination done twice now for those of
you that don't know that's where they
obtained the semen from Sluggo and put
it in the female dog and now it don't
take shit to get old Sluggo to go to the
vet
[Applause]
he loves the place
I went down there the veterinarian had
the audacity to say to me mr. white and
Phyllis come on back here we'll show you
how to do this next time you don't have
to bring in the dog you can just bring
in the semen that's okay
[Applause]
you go ahead and jack off the dog he
follows me around too much as it is like
I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with
this Bulldog get out of here we got
company you did it the other day
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
do we talk to Daddy that way please
please take me off your faces you better
hurry captain
I've lost my mind and I'll tell you a
little bit more about the demise of my
relationship there was that one thing
where I had sex with a girl but that
wasn't the underlying problem the big
problem was the first problem was this
we lived in a house and it had a
thermostat that's it because I like the
temperature of the house between 70 and
75 and she liked the temperature of the
house between 75 and 100 and fucking 10
and you can't keep tater salad at that
temperature
[Applause]
[Music]
we've thought about it she was psycho
psycho women love me we have an argument
one night about the temperature of a
dwelling she goes outside with a butcher
knife and cuts the tires on my truck
so I drugged up an old Polaroid and
entered her in Hustler's Bieber hunt
and Siwon
and I used the money to get me some new
tire and she superglued my dick to my
stomach so do you see how things just
get out of hand still itches
[Applause]
what after three years of being married
to this woman I still didn't understand
her she would get mad at me when I was
trying to help her
I'll give me an example let's say she
had wake up in the morning and be real
bitchy let's just say and I knew in my
heart she was suffering from PMS and out
of my love I would offer her my dog and
tell her honey I believe Heath is my dog
he won't bitch quite so much she would
growl at me and would need to my dog I
had to hide it and a piece of cheese
thanks for playing along I hope you
enjoyed it you guys look great
bana fatih berry
in my pocket so I don't have to go too
far so how'd you like the show I loved
it I think it's hilarious Ron White
kills me yeah I got tater salad oak gets
me mad I couldn't stop laughing salad we
all love it
he's too funny
my jaws hurt and I think I was crying
more than anything you enjoy the show
yes Ned a really good time yes did you
laugh because I did
do you uh did you pee no he's not only
funny he is a cutie pie and a nice butt
my side still hurts all funny
the bit about his in-laws guy from Texas
that's like a sitcom waiting to happen I
think I'm gonna start drinking scotch
where'd you see the blue collar tore
tater came right into your living room