uh going on from the best bar at the car
with two dogs the wife and my wife says
they got to stop at the bank and I say
she entered whatever I said because I
don't go in the bank everybody knows
that I stay in the car with the dogs and
she says I'll be you know five minutes
but there's absolutely no such thing as
five minutes with this woman and she
goes in and I know the dogs need to pee
in our bank there's one piece of
manicured lawn that has two signs that
both say no dogs so I took my dogs over
there this guy comes waddling out of the
bank with a big scowl on his face and he
goes the sign says no dogs I said the
size wrong
which side should say two dogs
I saw commercial the other day I really
don't understand the organization and I
really don't understand who they things
are ever going to help and it was for a
company called www.a kabadi calm now I'm
not going to get up here and take a big
probaby shake this task so you go ahead
and relax yeah but I don't know who
they're supposed to help because if
you're such an inbred meth head shit
look that you would consider shaking a
baby the only thing that's going to help
you is beheading
[Music]
now I know there's people in the
audience and not going but run run run
run what if the baby's asking for it
don't shake a baby what if I can't find
my car keys and I've looked everywhere
yeah even then
I went on to
www.mptv.org/outdoorwisconsin that cake
[Applause]
certainly not hey I got a little trouble
did you guys hear anything about that
[Music]
two sold-out shows in Fort Pierce
Florida and we're going to land in Vero
Beach Florida and I have an airplane
that you guys bought me thank you
if not
it is really cool wheel and barrage and
when we land I look out the window and
there's three cops staying in there and
which is no big deal to me because cops
love me and so two firemen and a lot of
times I'll get a police escort from the
airport to the venue and this wasn't one
of those times I got out of the plane
and there was a cop there and he said
mr. white we've been told the third
drugs on this plane by an anonymous tip
and I said there are absolutely no drugs
on that play now I did have a little bit
of weed my bag but I wasn't on the plane
so technically I'm not landing that and
you know he goes well do you mind if we
search the aircraft and I said you
absolutely cannot search this aircraft
unless you have probable cause because I
still have civil liberties you know what
I mean
[Music]
and they said okay well we just want the
drug dog to walk by it a couple times
and I said fine and the drug dog walked
by a couple times and the guy goes well
the dog gave us the signal that there
were drugs on the plane and I'm like no
he didn't that dog didn't do anything I
was staring straight at him he didn't
wink wink ha what's his signal a blank
stare that's all he did
if the dog says there's drugs on the
plane I'm like well I said there wasn't
drugs on the plane who are you going to
believe me the fuck never mind you know
now I've got to show you to go to they
spend an hour and a half going through
this plane an hour and a half and I'm
just sitting there going oh and they get
finished of course there is no drugs on
the plane and I knew there wasn't and I
assume now they're going to let me go
and and I'll go do my show and I was
like well that's fine you know whatever
and then they go well now the dog needs
to sniff that bag on your shoulder and I
was like rut ro
they found seven age of a gram of
marijuana in my bag now when I have
seven age of a gram of marijuana I
consider myself to be out of marijuana
that is no weed and its medical
marijuana it was prescribed to me by a
doctor in California where I live and I
told the cop that he said what did you
tell a doctor to get a prescription for
marijuana I said well the doctor said do
you have any symptoms that marijuana
helps alleviate and I said well I get
bummed when I run out of weed marijuana
cures that
they handcuffed me and put me in the
back of a cop car and took me to jail
now I'm not lying about that I broke the
law that's fine but fuck this is Florida
these cops drove by three meth labs and
a dead hooker just to get there they
process these are County Jail now for
whatever reason I have a bunch of cash
on me I've been on the road for a while
and now they got to count it in front of
me and this guy comes over to go to my
mine I'm allowed to count that money and
you go have to watch I'm like fuck not
you
this money's been banded $5,000 taxes he
picks one on love and he goes one
Mississippi dick he didn't really think
this is everybody fucking couldn't do
Mississippi and I go you can't do it
that way it'll take forever just take
the band off and start counting one two
three four or five when you get to 50
that's 5,000 and just starts the next
back and he goes that's a good idea
that's what he said
so he counts the second staggered he
goes hey buddy wait a minute wait a
minute there's only 42 and this one I
said oh that's okay just get eight more
out of this one put it in this way now
you have two stacks of fifty that's ten
thousand I'm teaching this motherfucker
how to count that was in jail for an
hour to have and I don't know how where
it gets out so fast but when I walk out
of the jail there's a big truckload of
kids and they have these signs and say
free tater
[Applause]
I've had the weirdest bug fly from LAX
through Atlanta to see some lawyers and
a dentist
the combination platter of wonderful
days and and my plane was broken and
well my plane is broken my friends do
not give a shit like Oh poured PEP is
your plane broke and you have to take a
commercial flight like every fucking
buddy yeah but it's not like it used to
be right there that or I'm going to
losing touch you know because I'm
standing in the line I got a first-class
ticket and I get up to the front of the
line and there isn't anybody there it's
just a kiosk with the computer terminal
and I'm not good at computers and I
don't want to touch this thing because
this guy grease and dirt and what I can
only pray that Jesus is meringue
but it works pretty good you know I
swiped my card through there and up pops
a diagram of the aircraft and it shows
all the seats on the plane and it shows
which ones are occupied so you can
choose your own C and that is almost a
great idea what would make that a great
idea is if there was a photograph of the
person sitting in that chair
about a 5-minute bio clip telling you a
little bit about on and what their
breath smells like right because I
picked my seat and I'm in first class so
as soon as I walk into the cabin I can
see my chair and sit right next to me is
a big fat fuck yeah
now I know I'm heavy but I'm not a big
fat fuck this guy was a big fat fuck and
part of him is in my chair
and I don't know if it's part of them I
can sit all
I've got a little tip for the morbidly
obese and I don't mean to sound cruel
but once you get to 550 pounds stay home
and go for the record I'll sponsor you
right tater salad dot-com on your gut
and I'll send peaches over the peaches I
would not send pizzas
I'll send peaches in a salad
but where would be the comedy mister
light so you're all hung up about that
okay I'm just going to try to do that
line right
just in case we decide to do it that way
I'll say pizzas over there
oh that is funny he said pizzas Oh
mister why boy he's rich tonight I get
to Atlanta and I check into the
ritz-carlton hotel and the next morning
I go to take a shower and there's no hot
water and I call the front desk and I
tell the girl at the front desk I said
there's no hot water and girl the front
desk said sometimes there's no hot water
didn't I just tell you that
it's an unstated $20 a night motels the
water was so hot you could cook your
nuts with it
well every once in a while everybody
will wake up at the same time and they
all take a shower at the same time and
we just run smack out a hot water
you guys didn't think about that
they thought about it at the motel 6 but
that whole concept of people wake up in
the morning with shit to do
got right by the Rif motel
so I take a nice cold shower then I got
to go meet with these lawyers now I hate
lawyers I just can't stand them and I
hate them worse than you do no matter
how much have you ever seen video of
that guy shooting his lawyer and his
lawyers trying to hide behind that
little tree and it just keeps you that's
a funniest fucking thing I've ever seen
in my goddamn life I've got that on my
video iPod the buddies need a chuckle
sometime during the day I just hit the
play button
play play play I do that you're like oh
then I got to go to the dentist you see
how my days shaping up cold shower
lawyers dentist the trifecta a fucked up
day and I couldn't eat because of what I
had to do there so now it's 2:30 in the
afternoon night before I finish the
story we'll admit that I'm in a foul
mood my mouth starting to hurt and I
haven't eaten all day and I'm going to
go eat lunch at this place called the
clubhouse it's a Lenox Square Mall in
Buckhead and I used to eat there all the
time I live in both cities and I and I
pull up now all this out here used to be
just regular parking but now the whole
thing is valet parking so you can't just
park your car and go get some food you
have to wait for this little prick in a
little red truck to wake up but he isn't
going to wake up because he's got on
headphones and mirrored sunglasses he's
looking the other direction
watching these two girls walk down
Peachtree Boulevard and I can tell by
the whole scenario that they're not
going to be out of his line of sight for
20 minutes there's nothing going to get
in the way so I'm like fine do your job
and how does I was parked the car myself
and the only space I saw was right next
to his truck and I'm going to park the
car myself and then once he sees I'm
going to park the car myself he jumped
out of his truck and he gets militant
and he jumps in front of my Range Rover
he puts a hand on his hands on the hood
and he goes nobody clocks the road car
in this parking lot
I thought the cars this parking lot
well I roll down my window very polite
ladies to get out of my fucking way
those nobody talked to me like that you
can't park your car in this parking lot
I said fuck you he goes I'm calling the
police
what's your first and last name I said
it's fuck you it's f uck capital y oh
you fuck you that's my name his radio
and calls the Dali Lama of all parking
lot attendants who come squealing up in
his little red truck apparently they
give them to him he hops out of the
truck like he's gonna do something
he immediately recognizes me you see
this big oh shit
watch over his face he literally shoves
this kid out of the way and starts
apologize and he said mr. Wan I'm sorry
I said listen this kids not doing his
job he said it's a little piece of shit
he needs to have his ass ring because
mr. white he's going to have his ass
free by me and my boss and my boss's
boss and I was like and no idea the
chain of command went that deep in the
parking lot
we said mr. white let us take your reins
rolling we'll wash it for you we'll fill
it up with gas will pocket no charge
that's it don't Park it here I don't
want this little prick to key it he said
we'll park it on the other side has that
fine some I go have a nice lunch and
take more pain pills getting a little
better mood just have my gum straight
you know so I walk outside of my Range
Rover is shining like a new penny and I
hop in I fired up and it's full of gas I
coulda left
but instead I drove back over there
where the kid was I roll down my window
and he rolled down his wind and I went
had that work out for you pretty good
[Applause]
and here's the moral of that story don't
fuck with me when I hadn't been drinking
[Applause]
Pulitzer prize-winning author Norman
Mailer died last year at the age of 84
years old for the last 60 years of this
man's life he drank to excess every day
he was married six times he smoked pot
he stabbed his second wife and I've
never read one of his books but I got to
tell you I'm a huge fan
better blasts as we've been here man we
went out last night I got so drunk I
woke up this morning and somebody had
shit my pants
[Applause]
I don't know was but I know eat porn
and cake
corn cakes I think is what
I just got back from Europe I took my
son Tater Tot
to Europe we were in Spain during the
running of the bulls but we didn't go to
the event because we couldn't figure out
why you would the people that we know
they live there were pitching this
really hard and they said that this
events been going on for over 500 years
and I'm like wow really
and they explained it to us apparently
540 years ago bunch of gay sailors in
white suits with red scarves got all
fucked up and turned loose to cattle and
tried to I'm paraphrasing I got all
fucked up trying to get out of the way
and could and it ended up the town was
such a bore hole that compared to
everything else that was going on there
this seemed like fun and I kept doing it
for five hundred forty years I still
don't want to go
and this year two people died and they
said it was a huge tragedy but I think
before you call something a huge tragedy
I think you need to first determine
exactly which two people died maybe it
was two people we didn't need they
weren't very bright I can tell you that
this year a bunch of Spaniards could
haven't said the event should be
canceled forever because it's so
dangerous I'm like it took you five
hundred forty pleasure
fuck that man f2 a week change the name
from the Running of the Bulls to the
thinning of the herd
we'll have the final event at Talladega
followed the dodging of the NASCAR's you
ready go
there quick thing you might want to turn
your wipers on Dale
we were in London for two days and I was
afraid I hadn't a lot enough time to see
London because it's one of my favourite
cities with so much tradition in history
and and we were going to get a cab you
to take us around and show us the sides
and I thought I probably should have a
lot of more time but if you get a cab
driver in London that's a Scottish
nationalists which is somebody that
believes that Scotland in England should
have no ties whatsoever they go home
every night watch Braveheart and beat
off no Gibson take another guy you get a
Scottish nationalists for a cab driver
in London you can see that city in about
ten minutes
I would go to Buckingham Palace if they
paid me I changed my guard for policing
like a cake
well
are we gonna see Big Ben I don't look to
the left you want them around and paint
by the novel minute
whatever dude
what's this building it's your fuckin
hotel get out what are we going to do
with the other day is report because the
food's awful it is novel - they took it
to a place called the fox and the hound
and I'm pretty sure that's what we're
eating I don't know which one they were
serving that night but I can tell you
this it needed ketchup
and they didn't have any ketchup
I wanted to take my son to see st.
Paul's Cathedral the second largest
Cathedral in the world that it was
closed because the next day was the
Queen's birthday and like well this is a
church Jesus doesn't take a day off
because this woman aged what if this
were the day I wanted to give my life to
cry it was
[Music]
I have no idea what you'd ever get the
Queen in England for her birthday that's
got to be a tough old broad to shop for
dead I brought my wife breast implant
for her birthday I've never been a big
fan of plastic surgery but I got to
admit I've had a lot of fun playing with
these things
I haven't giving them to her yet
[Applause]
I just keep my my door buzz and you reel
them in my bag I'm glad they cleaned up
easy
more
I just had a corduroy that's all I'm
saying
I have to have them Scotch garden I find
it a little ironic that the product that
I used to keep from ruining my selfie
should I spill my drink on it is
actually called Scotchguard
[Applause]
[Music]
sometimes they just work out perfect
yeah I'm looking for a product that will
protect my silver should I spill my
scotch on it what do you have
we've got Scotch Guard
yeah let's go with that
yeah bodyguard
how about sperm guard
[Music]
I found out when I got back from Europe
that I was being sued by a paper plant
that's what the lawyers are for I don't
know if you've ever driven by a paper
plant but the byproduct is the
manufacturer of paper in this country is
a stench so foul it will knock you to
your ever-loving knees brown paper in
Houston Texas is suing me because I said
on stage in Houston Texas that crown
paper was making the town stink like I
let some big cat out of the bag
oh we know it's done - you brought up
wrong come to think of it it smells like
a hard-boiled egg farting is
listen now your fault mister why the
reason I brought it up I'm from Houston
it as a child I lived literally in the
shadow of this paper plant and as a
child I thought the whole world smelled
like that I didn't know how did and the
first time my family went on vacation to
another city I was amazed I was like
what's that delicious smell Oh like
heaven it's flowers mixed together
wouldn't that's a sewer treatment
facility that's a shit you should bottle
that into use the people to rub a little
look in their nose won't write by that
paper plant without throwing up their
fucking blood and we found a new use for
fetid shit I think we all win actually
the reason I brought it up my front used
to live there anymore and I would just
back it down doing some shows and one
morning I was reading to use a chronicle
and it was an article in the paper about
that particular paper plant and it said
in the article that depending on which
way the wind was blowing the two million
people could smell the stench produced
by this one paper plant at a time that
is a big odor if it was music and 2
million people could hear it they'd make
them turn it the fuck off
it's not okay
by the way to make time for the darkness
state is not like you're trying to make
catfish bait out of cabin - god damn it
you're making paper out of wood done
steak wood done steak you're doing
something to make it stay fucking quit
[Applause]
[Laughter]
that's me dancing on my soapbox I love
this country I consider myself a patriot
I met my first wife during the Vietnam
War she's from this quaint little
village outside Nam the dead but now I
could ever pronounce that word Vancouver
it's not true it's funny but it didn't
through I love this country I do what I
can to support our troops no matter what
they've been asked to do I don't have to
agree in advance with the mission last
year I went on UFO to US huh
[Applause]
that's good rod I went on a USO tour
which not a lot of comedians are asked
to do because you know the jokes
translate so so poorly from one planet
to the next these are illegal aliens but
oddly enough they still speak Spanish
[Applause]
a USO tour and I'll tell you the
difference
Earthlings
I was in the Germany for ten days doing
shows for troops going into a coming out
of Iraq and Afghanistan and they asked
me to go to Iraq and I was like I'm not
going to that shithole I'm fifty and fat
I'll get shot I couldn't die - goddamn
donut if you threw it at me
what you throw a fucking donut at me for
me right now then when we filmed blue
collar 3 we filmed it in Washington DC
and the fine folks at the USO asked us
to spend a day at Walter Reed Hospital
and if you go to Walter Reed Hospital
you'll see a byproduct this war nobody
likes to talk about but they should talk
about it every day because the sacrifice
these young men and women have made for
this country they can't take back and
they should be applauded and saluted and
given up
[Music]
on this plane and if we fail there we
failed everywhere we can fail
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so the trick gasps here
I'll tell you one USO story we're going
from room to room visiting these
amazingly brave Americans at Walter Reed
Meade Jeff Foxworthy Bill Engvall Larry
the Cable Guy we go to this kid's room
and this kid is mangled I don't know
what they'll ever do for him the only we
could talk to hold a finger over his
throat you breathe in and he wouldn't
use a lot of words but what he said it
was very poignant very funny and I was
just sitting there admired him going to
the fuck is this kid to be this brave
you know and I carry a man bag and in
the bag or cigars and cigar cutters and
lighters and reading glasses and
sunglasses and Tampax and my wife's
kiddies and all the things I need to
make it through an afternoon
we're about to leave this kid's room
with Foxworthy goes you know you're the
only person today that didn't make fun
of Ron's
purse and this kid is pussy
there's the only time I've ever seen
thought swarthy snot
they called you a pussy did
there are burritos I love this country I
don't think this country is perfect but
I don't think any country is and I think
there are ways I could help improve this
country but nobody in Washington will
listen to me because of my behavioral
problem there are three ways that I
think I could improved this country I
could improve the heightened state of
awareness system in this country I could
help fund the war in Iraq and there's an
immigration problem they want to build a
wall all the way from the Gulf of Mexico
to the specific ocean the specific to a
specific ocean which they've already
chosen
[Applause]
now he was sharp in that we saw
we don't UFO to her and took a trip
across the Pacific Ocean which he had
already chosen in advance
thugs I believe in my heart the
Department of Homeland Security's color
code and heightened state of awareness
system might be the most useless thing
ever shoved down the throat knows what
to do different if the high state of
awareness is yellow or orange or orange
or yellow nothing ever happens anyway I
haven't met one person that knows that
there are five heightened state of
awareness in this country did you know
that sir
but no you didn't
blue green yellow orange and red
apparently when the heightened state of
awareness is blue you don't even need
sunscreen you can just walk outside
Mehcad you can even burn my cock
I'm not sure why the Scottish guy said
that
okay they regard my god
the biggest problem I have with the
heightened state of awareness system in
this country is that it makes no sense
the second biggest problem I have with
it is that it scares my mother thanks
the last time the heightened state of
awareness switched from yellow to orange
my mother called me and my mother is
very rural as that my mother called me
as she goes the heightened state of
awareness just wished to Orange I said I
know mother I was watching television
she I don't know what to do I said
mother nobody knows what to do they
didn't even print a flier with this
program but since we were attacked on
9/11 mama we've all been in a general
heightened state of awareness she goes I
don't know what that means I said well
mom if you're getting on an airplane and
the person in front of you has seven H's
in their name and a basket of fucking
cobras
check their shoes four fuses and that's
not racism that's profiling and you have
to do some profile you get frisked ten
grandmother's just so you can pretend
that that guy that looks us bitches
bullshit go frisky laughter he gets all
pissed off goes sorry and if he's still
pissed off after that go hey you or the
Tarpan to the fucking Airport bite by a
John Deere cat for travel days fuck I
don't know
[Music]
by a John Deere turbine do they make
them I'm sorry we're a little edgy
if I were in charge of the Department of
Homeland Security we'd have a heightened
state of awareness system in this
country that's for sure but we'd have
one that made sense and one that the
fine citizens of this country understood
and we would have two heightened states
of awareness go find a helmet put on the
fucking helmet
that way I know what to say to my mother
when she calls I don't know what to do
it put on a fucking helmet damn put on a
fucking helmet mom
that strap goes under your chin mother
you
when mother has her helmet on she
forgets her neck works
just turn your head mom you're getting
it
we find ourselves folks in the middle of
a war we can't afford financially I want
to address any other aspect of the war
this evening but it is time to refit the
biggest army the world has ever seen and
we never have here's the problem we're
broke we got no money we're still
writing checks like you do in real life
[Music]
just praying to God somebody will cash
one of these useless son of a bitches
you know you're 17 trillion dollars in
debt you still got a checkbook really
[Applause]
seemed like somebody eventually got to
take that check buckle what a geek
nothing
and we don't work China's cashing our
checks and that's not a good plan for
this country mark my word and they can't
figure out a way to fund this war and I
came up with a great idea that nobody
will listen to we'll hear about their
because of your proximity to this
speaker system I was just down at Cocoa
Beach Florida
and just south of Cocoa Beach Florida is
a huge Air Force Base that takes up a
hundred and fifteen thousand acres of
oceanfront property they have military
housing on the beach Major Nelson didn't
have oceanfront property and he was an
astronaut with a motherfucking genie
if you gotta have oceanfront join the
Navy that's all I'm saying and back that
base up 15 miles and let us sell this
asset to help pay for this war effort
will you sell it to Israel they've got a
lot of cash they need a place to stay
that shit ain't working out for them
over there and it's the only part of
Florida they don't already own and we
take the money we make from selling the
rest of Florida to Israel we buy Mexico
fix it up and flip it
[Applause]
now we'll have to send out some players
and landscapers because they're all up
here
and when they're gone you're going to
wonder where the fuck they went you
ain't going to want to do this shit
yourself not a beer anything like me we
sell Mexico to a country that you put a
ton of cash down but you know they can't
make the plane boots like her roo-roo
has billions and billions of US dollars
they do in cash in banks all over Peru
it's our cocaine money they tricked us
out of I mean it's it's your cocaine
letting be tricked you out of we get all
that money back billions of dollars
billions and then we finance the balance
of Mexico to Peru right we let them get
my hand on the payments we repossess
Mexico now we have Mexico free and clear
new paint new shrubs
and with all that cocaine money we start
buying country south of Mexico we buy
them all we buy Belize hunt there is
Nicaragua El Salvador Costa Rica and
every time you buy one of those
countries that long ass wall this
country needs to build gets a little
fucking shorter than
until eventually we buy back the Panama
Canal which we built anyway stand there
go swim this bitch
so not sure that's what I do I go from
city to city the city is City I've done
over 22 years of adored every second of
it I love to do this job I tour with my
wife which I love to tour with my wife
because I only had sex with my wife I
like to have sex I don't have sex with
other women I've been married three
times and that has not always been my
policy
[Laughter]
but I'm 51 years old and I said if I got
married again I put all the runaround
and to tell the truth I find a lot of
comfort in having one sex partner
because she knows what I like and I know
what she won't do it turns out there's
malicious shit you want to and the first
thing on the list is talk about the list
my favorite byproduct of monogamy he
didn't even dawn on me that this would
be the case and when I figured this out
I felt the huge weight just flutter off
my shoulders and a lot of you guys might
not realize this so this could be a big
night in your life because I'm about to
impart to you the most important thing
I've ever learned so guys I want you to
open up your senses and really take this
and don't waste this moment because here
it comes
right here goes because if you only fuck
your wife you can't get caught
nobody gives a rat's ass nobody's ever
gonna cheat in a bedroom or you but fuck
that your old lady I may be exaggerating
that stroke just a little bit
but still a ferocious piece of ass
although easily winded if you don't mind
stopping and starting I might be the
best fuck on the planet
that's why I roll a
but my favorite place to have sex is on
my tour bus because I don't quite have
the wind to get her there I can just
holler at that driver
[Music]
[Music]
actually you can't get caught ever sex
with your wife my wife and I we're going
to add in one afternoon and the
housekeeper walked in which is way
better than the other way around it
happens the other way around you end up
saying things like I'll pack my shit as
soon as it quits burning
we have a great sex life I think you
know it's not like our friend we have
these friends that are younger than us
and napped tantric sex which is a yoga
thing where you can have sex for hours
and hours and yeah we don't we don't do
that we didn't invent a sexual position
that I named the lazy dog
and I'll teach you how to do the lazy
dog what you do is you get in bed there
and you get in the doggy style position
and then both of you at the same time
and that's the important part
follow
I am saying that position all night long
her until she lost
what she calls me out for the night
[Music]
she sneezed me out one time Oh dick get
one of my own nuts and hurry and now I
have difficulty interpreting her sexual
noises
she'll be I don't know she's about to
cum or sneeze which makes me a nervous
lover which causes premature ejaculate
not a lot of people know that
and not a lot of people know this it was
actually Richard Milhous Nixon in his
1968 inaugural address who first said
shake for me girl I want to be your
backdoor mate
lot of people think was Led Zeppelin but
it wasn't Richard Nixon I'm like 80%
sure I'm like 70 70 percent
yeah why it was Led Zeppelin
you want somebody call me today am a
metrosexual is that like a local term or
something I don't need to know what it
means
I've sitting there getting a pedicure
Revo
my wife got me a certificate to get a
pedicure because she thinks my feet are
nasty and I went down there and this
poor old asian woman is trying to
reshape my big toe into like a
regular-sized toe she's got this care
dealer kind of a tool that she's using
to scrape away years of neglected dead
skin off these dogs and she has a
genuinely disgusted look on her face she
looks at me she goes pen secure not only
for you now why I thought that would be
funny I can't remember
maybe admit it wrong
that secure not only for you know
thank you not only for you need
punchline make a mental note Johnny
and punchline make funny for everyone
no one got me during the Scotch mama
left and drank she loves her scotch man
mama loves all things got she likes
Highlands gosh Logan's got single malts
got blended Scotch she likes to fucking
tape
and the guard
and the mob
and the bladder
I'll make a mental note do take Latin
only one funny
I'll tell you stories funny about my
uncle came over to my house the other
day my uncle used to be the president of
the Southern Baptist Convention his name
is dr. Charles Pollard he is a triple
doctorate he has doctorates and theology
psychology and philosophy although I
think I still make more money than he
did he's a great man and he came over
and I was making myself a drink because
I never pretend I don't drink you might
know that about me already
and he goes son you are never going to
find the answers to your problems in the
bottom of that bottle I said I know
that's one where buy another one
I knew that son-of-a-bitch was a dud the
minute I laid eyes on her look at that
no answer pieces shit take me to the
liquor store I've got some questions
I don't really get along as well as my
wife as I pretend you ever you ever do
this you ever want to say something that
somebody and then you don't say it and
then like two months later it just comes
spewing out like Tourette's and vomit
first time I met my wife sister was that
her mother's 75th birthday they live up
a Connecticut we took the plane up and
it's a very wealthy and there's a big
party 150 people at this huge house and
the word a table of a round table about
15 people down front and her sister is a
published chef and she owns a restaurant
Connecticut she owns a cooking school of
France
and she's married to a guy from France
and she's a snob but they're all snot
sucker punch' would be a snob probably
she's a bagels not too big around and
mayo gown big old taste everything they
come down to the kitchen cannabis nah
kind of a they go round and bagel gal
bigger almost a stay home and go for the
records kind of us
and I was just making conversation I
said well I should come to Connecticut
and do some shows and she goes I don't
think anyone in Connecticut is going to
pay money to hear hillbilly comedy well
I was raised in the south and I love my
wife's mother's birthday party I'm not
going to ruin this woman's day because I
can't hold my tongue and I don't say a
word which I should and I don't come
unless I'm in a restaurant with my wife
had a dinner she's a foul foul mood and
she goes you know there are some things
about your family that I just can't
stand and I go your sister's a big
[Applause]
[Music]
like Tourette's and vomit mayor didn't
to make friends and I'm not sure exactly
how loud I said it but every head in the
restaurant goes then the waiter brought
the bread but this is gonna be a long
meal god I wish that was cake
my wife and I think different things are
funny that story being a perfect example
actually she doesn't think anything's
funny I do if she thinks Cosmopolitan
magazine is a serious magazine and I
think it's the funniest rag on the
planet and that's an impasse the other
day there was a copy of Cosmo sitting on
the table and I was reading the cover
stories on the front of it and I was
just laughing and she walks by she goes
what's so funny like I did something
wrong yeah I said I would just read the
stories on the front of this magazine I
thought they were funny I thought they
might fit in my show she reads them and
she goes that's not funny how would I
know
why would I even have an opinion on what
might be found humor is in American days
certainly not my line of work I sell
shrimp out of a man
his secret pleasure zone it's not a
secret
ladies if you don't know where your man
secret pleasure zone is you need to be
wearing Wolverine steel toe
forty girlie moves that drive him crazy
touches pleasures of touching 40 times
and here's a clue it's our dick
I think this magazine up and I start
coming through and I found an article on
how to get your man aroused and this
funny it was written by a doctor so some
of you will learn a new word here I know
I did to flick his fringle 'm then in
parentheses it says the small nodule of
scan beneath the head of the penis with
the flat part of your tongue
it doesn't matter
what part of the tongue you flick his
spring ulam with he doesn't even have to
be his friend ulam put your tongue on
his dick and see if things don't just
work out great for the do
you can flick in spring ulam with a
newspaper and it would probably work one
of the reasons I'm still married to my
wife but she can flick my friend yelling
with her fucking tonsils
[Music]
and that's what I'm looking for in a
friend ulam plugin
I call her my friend Flicka get over
here Flicka I gotta shoot human an apple
you want to both girl
she's a weird bird man she can't go to
sleep at night less every single thing
in this gigantic house is in the exact
spot she meant for it to be now before I
married her she told me she was angled
and I was like great
turns out their dick as I am
and she's the wrong one I don't know
laughs so obsessed with my laughter just
a faint inhales next but you won't do it
I thought maybe your honor anniversary
she would we're on a really nice cruise
you know and I get her all shined up one
night and I'm just bagging her which is
pathetic you know she was run you need
to get something through your thick
skull I'm not strapping one of those
things on for any