maybe the first time you heard about
Halloween is the idea of it is just more
than a kid brain could even handle this
information they're giving out what who
is giving out candy what do I have to do
take me with you I'll do anything I can
wear that anything put that Halloween
mask and the rubber band on the back of
that Halloween mask always good for
about 10 seconds
snap out of that cheap little staple
they put it in a way go to your first
town trip or snap and that mask that was
brutal so trying to breathe through that
little air holder you said the whole
punch from a loosely thing here I agree
through that for eight hours that all
sweaty in there and the mask up snap you
have to keep picking pull the string to
it kept getting tighter and tighter
slicing into your eyeballs
can't breathe can't see eventually
eyeballs pop out in front of the mass I
just take the mask all the hell with it
Bing bong yeah that's me you're gonna
candy what do you care
stupid charade they really got us
trained to use that cash machine now
don't think I mean just go right up to
that thing and people are just it's like
we're like chickens in an experiment
just waiting to that pellet to come down
this year you see people the cash
machine they're just there waiting to
the sound you know the sound you waiting
for the sound that's what we're trained
to hear the here comes the money sound
you know is that even working in the
bank anymore
what are they doing just pretending you
know shuffling papers around talking on
phones that aren't even plugged in I
think the bank building is just a
charade that they have to keep going
because they need that two feet of wall
to hold up the cancer I think my
favorite dog thing is when you have to
leave him in the car and he's just
sitting there in the front seat because
the dog see the dog body in the car seat
is the only time that your head in his
head are at the same height you know
what I mean cuz they and they love when
they're up there in the front to go this
is more like I think you and I should be
together except when they turn when you
turn they can't hail it turns you know
they got no thumbs take it easy dog
stick their heads out the way they love
that in the car don't think I don't know
what it does for him but there's no this
is the thing
doing that I don't know what they're
thinking like boy if I could run this
fast
[Applause]
[Music]
does anybody have a dog where they clean
up that for him on the street do you do
that really you do you have to you don't
allow it so how big is the dog right now
he's just like a Hindenburg dog you
don't allow it this is the strongest
train ladies and gentlemen you are not
allowed to go used to send away for
everything in the back of every single
cold cereal box even the prizes that
were void where prohibited I took that
risk what do they want to prohibit a
little bag of plastic monkeys where does
it danger we don't want these monkeys in
the northwest we want to avoid them in
that area send away for it anyway you
said nightmares the police are gonna
come over my house you're one of these
little monkeys son do you realize you're
living in a prohibited zone here these
monkeys are void in this area used to be
the Box Tops you all remember sending in
Box Tops and then at one point they
switched to the proof of purchase seal
they didn't trust us with the box of
apparently they thought they needed more
proof what happened you think that we're
getting some forgeries down there at
Battle Creek run these Cocoa Puffs lists
through the infrared scanner one more
time to
pick this little Timmy might be trying
to pull fashion but I think to be the
scariest thing in food is that
expiration date on the milk they really
they scare you with you know didn't have
milk the day after the day you know and
the spoon is trembling it's exact you
know I mean it's just so definite they
brand it right into the side of the card
that's your day right there do the cows
tip them off when they're milking um you
know July 3rd how about bonkers beef
syndrome what do you think about no no
no it doesn't sound serious enough silly
meat condition no no no no look come on
Frank it's 11:00 let's get out of here
how about mad cow mad cow we're going
with the mad you know I don't know what
the hell it is we're doing a show where
Lane decides she has had it with the
lines in the ladies room you know what I
mean ladies you hate those lines don't
you look at the men's room and you think
I could go so Elaine decides to do this
anyway that's what the shows about
but I like the idea of the women's room
you have a door says women on it and
women come right out of it what more do
you want
and say to me way to me women I say
there you go there's the door what could
a glare do that
says women they got to be in there the
men's room on the other hand is in
nauseating disgusting place and every
man in there is a revolting perverted
human slime men don't want to meet
relate or deal with any other man in the
men's room we don't even use our hands
we touched everything with the feet
toilets trousers and those orangutan
ropes in there so we could swing in me
swing out I like the hand blow it takes
a little bit longer but I feel when
you're in a room with a sickening stench
you want to spend as much time as you
can you don't want to race Saturday you
want to linger socialize people hey nice
shoes sorry I don't think dry cleaners
are doing it you know dry cleaning as if
that's even possible
we all accept it well I'm gonna get this
dry-cleaned I'll take it to the dry
cleaner that's just part of the language
and we all assume this is being done how
what are they doing dry what could you
do dry totally dry to get something
clean I give you shirts got tomato stain
on it get it out dry what are you gonna
do I want to see what you're gonna do
tap it shake it blow on it what can you
do to clean something dry we had a show
where a dry cleaner was a wearing
something of mine which I think that
they do why wouldn't they but imagine
pumping in your dry cleaner in a party
and he's wearing your sweater wouldn't
that be a moment
you see them over there what the hell
are you doing that better be ready by
tomorrow to me marriage is like the
roller-coaster and the engagement is
like that first hill when it's just
starting you know and you're just going
click click click click click click
scary the anticipation you know it
always has that little chunk it falls
back a little you know you go what was
that my parents oh my god click click
click click it to the top they give you
the ring in the piece of cake and you go
[Music]
here is America's Sweetheart Jerry
Seinfeld
[Music]
thank you thank you very much
thank you that was very very nice
so what's annoying now besides
everything is what's annoying me people
telling me to hydrate I don't want to
hear about hydrating you need to hydrate
Gerry you better hydrate you're on the
plane you're in the gym you got to be
hydrating make sure you're hydrating are
you hydrating do you know what could
happen you if you don't hydrate you
could get dehydrated Oh wouldn't I get
thirsty first no according to the
fitness people on TV if you feel thirsty
you're too late what do you mean I'm too
late what what do I do
just try and catch the pieces of your
face as they dry up and crack off on the
floor beer is never cold enough for
Americans every commercial frost brewed
cold filtered iced bottle we pack it in
the glacier put it on the back of a
frozen truck driven by a polar bear by
the time it gets to you it's one degree
below room temperature that's the best
we can tell why the drink culture
Gatorade now three different Gator
raises the new commercial Gatorade
series you need three to survive one to
prepare one to perform one to recover
I just went from the fridge to the couch
how many electrolytes that I lose
they're always got stuff for us to do I
went to the movies the other day so
there's a new announcement in the movie
theater mixed in with the trailers
please pick up the garbage from around
your seat after the movie oh okay
maybe I'll bring my orange jumpsuit it
wouldn't stick with a nail in it too
hey I want to work my way down the
highway after the credits
I'm not picking nothing up I'm the one
that threw it down why would I throw it
down and then pick it up there is an
agreed upon deal between us and the
movie theater people whoever the hell
they are and that deal is understood by
every single person in this room the
deal is you're ripping us off okay we
get it
we're fine with it
trying to overpriced oversized crap we
shouldn't be eating to begin with fine
it's all fine in exchange for that when
I'm done with something I opened my hand
let it roll down eight rows not sticking
my arm down into that dark scary hole
see if I can pry out three goobers that
have been soda welded there since the
Shawshank Redemption what have they done
for us a cup holder that is the only
feature they have added the cup holder
growing out of the armrest while you're
resting your arm you certainly won't be
able to hold a cup the cup holder
defines American culture at this point
we can't hold the cup where is the cup
holder in this car this is insane we
don't want to grip things hands-free is
everyone's looking for hands-free
everything whenever I go on Amazon I
reset that one-click ordering right one
click that's it
you need me to click twice I don't even
want it anymore I'm not liking
get some wheels on the luggage get me a
belt clip for my cellphone
get me an earpiece too and not one that
you're taking it out drill it right into
the side of my skull you have a dog and
the dog they give you a leash with this
extra leash wound up beside the taste of
dog pulls it you hit the button let the
lion out like he's a Marlin nobody wants
to nobody wants to do anything with lion
bad anything if you're not in bed it's
work even death even death people want
to be in bed I always read that he died
in his deathbed I always read that in
the paper why would you even buy a bed
like that how are you gonna start
feeling better sleeping in a death bed
where is that section of the furniture
store these are our death beds over here
we also have a dead side table death
reading lamp is that a death clock radio
yes but there's no snooze either you get
up or you know
[Applause]
so anyway I'm thrilled we back here in
New York I love how certain things about
New York never changed they're always
constant they're always there for you
the cabbies and the Bo
what is with the Bo and these guys how
long are these shifts can we get this
man a 10-minute break for a shower
you're in the back it's coming through
the glass you're just gone now that when
they put that cherry pop it stuff on the
dashboard so you get the cherry bo I
know what that's supposed to be even
fruit showers more often than this if I
need me about being in these characters
that when you're in Manhattan for some
reason you don't get scared no matter
how fast the guy goes well you know he's
driving fast and recklessly but he's a
professional it's got a cab drivers
license I can see it right there
I don't even know what it takes to get a
cab driver's license I think all you
need is a face this seems to be their
big qualification no blank heads are
allowed driving cabs in this town also
helps to have a name with like 8
consonants in a row ever see some of the
letters in these things what is the O
with the line through it by the way
what planet is that from you need a
chart of the elements if you want to
report the guy this officer his name was
Amal and then the symbol for boron no it
was not manganese I had the periodic
chart with me at the time but I love to
travel I love it whether it's a car or
it's a plane like to get out there like
to keep it moving
love airports feel safe in airports
thanks to the high caliber individuals
we have working at x-ray security how
about this crack squad of savvy
motivated personnel the way you want to
set up your airport security is you want
the short heavyset woman at the front
with the skin tight uniform
that's your first line of defense you
want those pants so tight the flap in
front of the zipper is pulled itself
open you can see the metal tangs hanging
on for dear life
then you put the bag on the conveyor
belt goes to the little luggage car wash
and you have that other genius down the
other end looking in the little x-ray TV
screen
this is Tyne has chosen to stand in
front of x-rays 14 hours a day as his
profession looking in that thing I have
looked in that TV screen I cannot make
out one object he's standing there what
is that a hairdryer with a scope on it
that looks okay keep it moving some sort
of bowling ball candle yeah I got no
problem with that just you know we don't
want to hold up the line so I go to the
bathroom in the airport what is the
story on the sinks in Airport bathrooms
that they will not give us a twisted on
twisted off human style faucet is that
too risky for the general population to
change risks we better install the
one-handed spring-loaded pain-in-the-ass
Alcatraz style faucet you know those
ones we got to go work a little water
them job what is it that they think we
would do with a faucet turn them all on
full run out into the parking lot laughs
and pushing each other into the bushes
[Applause]
come on the water's on let's go
I turned it on home laughs we're
businessmen we're gonna miss our plane
who cares water that's how they think
will be do the people that work in these
little shops in the airport have any
idea what the prices are every place
else in the world
yeah $14 tuna sandwich we think that's
fair that's what we charge in our
country hey you get on the plane pilot
of course always has to come on the PA
system this guy's so excited about being
a pilot he can't even stand himself well
I'm going to take it up to about 20,000
and I'm gonna make a left by Pittsburgh
then I'm gonna make a right by Chicago
then I'm gonna bring it down to 15,000
give you the whole route all his moves
we're in the back going yeah fine do
whatever the hell you got to do I don't
know
end up word says on the ticket really
why bother him with what I'm doing
knocking on the cockpit door I'm having
the peanuts now yeah that's what we're
doing back here
don't I keep you posted I'm not gonna
have them all now I'm just gonna have a
few I don't want to finish it because
it's such a big bag
then the stewardesses have to come out
they have to do their little emergency
equipment show you know that thing they
do one of them reads it the other one
acts it out hey we have seatbelts and
oxygen man's things for you to use they
show you how to use a seatbelt in case
you haven't been in a car since 1965 oh
you lift up on the buckle oh I was
trying to break the metal apart I
thought that's how it works I was gonna
try and tear the fabric part of the belt
I thought if I could just get it started
[Applause]
then they always point out the emergency
exits always with that very vague point
though isn't it where that where the
hell were these places be with yourself
planes at a 90 degree degree angle your
hair's on fire you're looking for those
how do you think you're gonna do there
she's thinking I'm getting out before
you're getting out you're dead you're
dead I'm going then they always have to
close that first class curtain - and I
always give you that little look maybe
if you had worked a little harder I
wouldn't have to do this
it's all tiny world on the airplane
isn't is always that little tiny table
there tiny computer and was a little
crab to see tiny tiny utensils tiny
liquor bottles tiny bathroom tiny sink
tiny mirror tiny closets so he's a small
problem gonna be a slight delay gonna be
a little late I always go in the
airplane breath or even if I don't have
to go I got to go in there it's nice
it's like your own little apartment on
the plane isn't it going there lock the
door the life comes on after a second
second little surprise party but I know
he's the best with the amount of
equipment that they have in that place I
mean it's a little but they got the
tissues towels closets compartments tiny
slot for used razor blades they always
have those who is shaving on the plane
and shaving so much they're using up
razor blades is this what's happening
what is the Wolfman flying in there but
crash site who could shave that much
higher
[Music]
so I'm supposed to go down to Florida
next week after we're done here that's
where all my relatives live I don't
really want to go Florida not old people
down there you know they live in those
minimum security prisons that's where
they put all the old people what's with
all the security there with the guard
gate with the arm coming down and one's
got a uniform guns are the old people
trying to escape or are people stealing
old people what is the security problem
I just can't drive around there you know
how the old people drive they drive slow
they sit low that is their motto state
flag of Florida should be just a
steering wheel with a hat and two
knuckles on and that left turn signal on
for when they left the house that
morning that's a legal turn in Florida
it's known as an eventual left you can
signal this week turn any following year
ladies and gentlemen the great Jerry
Seinfeld thank you so nice to be here so
happy to do this and I just wanted to
say before I even started talking about
Tim I had a horrible thought
on my way down here a horrible thought
and I have to tell you about it I had a
thought that perhaps the Amazon drone
idea and let me apologize in advance of
how horrible this thought is could
possibly be a cynical marketing exercise
to get us thinking about Amazon between
Thanksgiving and Christmas I know that
sounds crazy and I know it's highly
unlikely but isn't it quite a
coincidence that on Cyber Monday
Amazon's all over the goddamn news with
a stupid project that will never happen
no one wants their chihuahuas attacked
by drones how could this possibly ever
be anything but all it takes is a bad
kid and a rock and it's over the whole
thing is in the toilet doesn't right who
needs a diaper in ten seconds that we
can who's planning they're like that
badly it's just I know it's horrible to
think that a company of such integrity
would do something like that but I just
wanted to say that I had the thought
anyway so I want to talk to you about TM
which I have now been doing 41 years 40
41 years
I don't remember exactly how I started
it was a some kid I knew I had just gone
to college and you know we were still
kind of in the flush of the feeling of
the 60s and I just wanted to try any new
thing that I heard about and so I went
and I and I learned TM and I do remember
the very first time I did it
and I remember that I was up the entire
night because I never felt that good
before and I had terrible acne I was I
think I was about 18 and it's just it
all just went away and and I became a
world famous comedian that's my story
that's the entire story of my life and
[Applause]
now here's the tragic part of my TM
story slightly tragic so I'm doing TM
from 1972 and I started and I didn't do
the morning ones you're supposed to do
it twice a day and I stopped doing the
morning one pretty early in me doing it
because I didn't understand getting out
of bed and then resting I had trouble
with that concept to get out of bed now
rest okay so I don't know maybe I did it
for a couple of months and then I just
stopped but I was very regular with my
afternoon meditation and when I was
doing the TV series in which I was the
star of the show the executive producer
the head writer casting and editing for
22 to 24 episodes on network television
not cable network for nine years okay
that's a lot of work
and I'm a regular guy pretty much you
know I'm not one of these crazy people
that has endless boundless energy I'm
just a normal guy but that was not a
normal situation to be in and so what I
would do is every day when everybody
would have lunch I would do TM and then
while we'd go back to work and then I
would eat while I was working because I
had missed lunch but that is how I
survived the nine years it was that 20
minutes in the middle of the day would
save me because you know and you also
you got to imagine and I don't I don't
mean I know everybody's life is hard and
every job is hard enough but I mean when
it's your name on the goddamn show the
pressure is it's it's intense and then
the show got successful and everybody
expected each week to be even better
than the last and it was a lot of
pressure and I loved every second of it
but it was a lot of pressure and a lot
of work and was all great but never
could have accomplished it without TM
but I was not doing the morning one as I
told you and this past January Bob Roth
who everybody loves he taught my kids TM
and so one day we were standing in my
kitchen and I was started was talking
about something that I was doing he says
you know you really should try doing the
morning 141 years in I find out I'm not
doing it right that's the tragic part of
the story oh so now I do the morning one
and now okay so my life now which is you
know I apologized I don't like to take
up too much time but you know so I've
got a wife I've got three kids I do
stand-up comedy almost every weekend I I
fly out Friday I'll do a show in one
city then I'll fly to another city I'll
do a show in another city I'll come back
like Saturday night like four or five in
the morning
and then I have three little kids and
and I do this other little internet show
and so I'm very busy and now and I'm 60
by the way I'm 60 years old
and I really thought well it's the time
has come
I'm sixty the time has come to kind of
throttle back the output that I'm you
know of life I need to work less I need
to do less because I'm old and you know
let's cut the engines and glide a little
bit well so Bob introduced me which I
should have known forty years ago but I
didn't to the morning TN and my entire
energy and focus and ability to function
all day and come home and have the
family I'm sixty year old guy with
little kids it's all screwed up it
shouldn't be like this
and now I am functioning on this level
that I really did not think was possible
for someone my age and at that you know
I just thought it would be too much so
that's how my life changed dramatically
this year meeting Bob and doing TM
properly and I can't tell you and I and
I've become obsessive also talking to
people about it I've my press officer is
here I got him to do it I got my
assistant every person I meet now I'm
just grabbing them by the lapels you
know you've got to do this because it's
um it's just a dumb way to live not
doing it it's just dumb
I'll quote a line from Richard Pryor
this is one of my favorite lines it said
it's actually from a bit heated about
racism and he starts the bit and he says
before we even talk about racism he says
you know it's hard just being a person
forget about having to deal with racial
hostility just being a person is hard
and that that would be my introduction
to people who don't think they need TM
being a person is hard now all these
people that we just saw these are people
that really have some enormous
challenges but all of you here by virtue
of the fact that you here I know your
yourse laminate you're killing yourself
and that's fun and great but you don't
need to die for what you want to
accomplish and that's what TM is about
and nabob and I did a show we did I
think it was ABC Good Morning America
and I came up with the line that TM is
like you have a cell phone and someone
gives you the charger and you go this is
now I can keep using this thing and it
will work all the time the other way
that I describe is so there are a lot of
people here that don't do TM that it
just I'm just here to kind of learn a
little bit about okay so the other way
I'll describe it to you is then I can
see from the faces who does it and
doesn't do it by the way the other way I
will describe TM to you is do you know
how three days a year you get a good
night's sleep and you wake up and feel
like oh this is how I should feel all
the time but you can't get more than
three good night's sleep say year
because of the circumstances of your
life well TM you can you can have that
every day that every day you're just the
bar on the cell phone is all the way up
you leave the house and the charger is
full you know that tremendous feeling of
power when your phone is fully charged
and somebody calls you go I want to hear
every detail of this story I am loaded
with juice that that's what TM is I will
now take questions there was anything
you want to answer I see a couple of
words they tell me just to do five
minutes I think I just did it but
anything you want to ask me about I do
it and here's the other thing that's
crazy okay here's the crazy TM thing
well look I I'm only getting five hours
sleep as it is I'm not gonna get up
earlier than that to do TM it works it's
better you'll get you'll feel better
sleep in four and a half hours and doing
that 20 because that's deeper than
anything you get when you're sleeping
look at your bed when you get out of it
what does it look like it looks like a
war went on in there and that's not
restful all you did was stop and you
took the fight from your day into the
bed but you're fighting all day you're
fighting all night you need a break
folks you need a break that's what TM is
thank you very much
[Applause]
candy was my whole life when I was kid
that was first ten years of my life I
think the only clear thought I had was
get candy that was a family friend
school
they're just obstacles in the way of the
candy I'm out for the candy here I'm
just thinking it can think again they
get can they get getting it in that's
why you have to teach kids not to take
candy from a stranger if they're playing
in a playground because there's such
candy moron idiot brains it's just this
man has candy I'm going with him goodbye
I don't care what happens to me it can
take it can take a family get there
don't go they'll talk to you they'll
kidnap you or just a matter he has no
Henry I have to take that chance it can
be a family get family so the first time
you hear the the concept of Halloween
when you're a kid your brain can't even
process the information you can be like
what what is this what did you sign so
what do you say about giving out candy
who was giving out to everyone that we
know is just giving out candy are you
kidding me when is this happening where
why take me with you I got to be a part
of this I'll do anything that they want
I can wear that
I'll wear anything I have to wear I'll
do anything I have to do to get the
candy from those fools they're so
stupidly giving it away so the first
couple years I made my own costumes
which of course sock the ghost the hobo
no good then finally third year begging
the parents got the Superman Halloween
costume not surprisingly cardboard box
elf a top mask included remember the
rubber band on the back of that mask
that was a quality item there wasn't it
that was good for about ten seconds
before it snapped out of that cheap
little staple they put it in there when
you go to your first house trick or
snack or bro I don't believe it
wait up you guys I gotta fix it hey wait
up wait up
that's what you say they don't say wait
you say wait up hey wait up because when
you're little your life is up the future
is up everything you want is up why not
hold up shut up mom I'll clean up let me
stay parents of course is just the
opposite everything is down just calm
down slow down come down here sit down
put that down
so I had my little costume I was
physically ready I was preparing myself
I did not try on the costume prior to
Halloween
do you remember since this is an obscure
one but on the side of the box I
remember this on my Superman costume it
actually said do not attempt to fly they
printed that as a warning because kids
would put it on going off the roof I
love the idea of the kid who's stupid
enough to think he actually is Superman
but smart enough to check that box
before he goes off the roof let me see
if it says anything about me being
Superman oh wait a second here I so
anyway but my hopes were up I was
thinking that this is probably the same
exact costume that Superman wears
himself you put these things on it's not
exactly the super fit that you are
hoping for
it looks more like Superman's pajamas is
what it looks like it's all kind of
loose and flowing and the neckline kind
of comes down about there flimsy little
ribbon string in the bag plus my mother
makes me wear my winter coat over the
costume anyway I don't recall Superman
wearing a jacket
not like I had chief corduroy phony fur
boy I'm Superman but it's a little
chilly out and I'm glad I've got this
chic little ten-year-old kids jagged so
I'm going out I'm trick-or-treating but
the masks the rubber band keeps breaking
it keeps getting shorter fixing it it's
getting tighter and tighter on my face
you know when it starts slicing into
your eyeballs there and you you're
trying to breathe through that little
hole getting all sweaty I can't see I
can't breathe oh we gotta get going we
gotta get to get it and a half hour and
we just take that mask off how are they
bing-bong yeah it's me give me that
candy lab Superman look at the pant legs
what do you care over those last couple
years trick-or-treating getting a little
too old for it still out there going
through the motions Bing bong come on
Lady let's go
Halloween doorbells candy let's pick it
up come on the door there was asking
those same stupid questions what are you
supposed to be I'm supposed to be done
by now you want to move it along with
the three musketeers
I got 18 houses on this block sweetheart
just hit the bag we hit the road that's
the way it works sometimes even that
little white bag twisted on the top you
know that's going to be some crap candy
doesn't have the official Halloween
markings on it hold it lady wait a
second what is this the Orange
marshmallow shaped like a big peanut do
me a favor you keep that if we have all
the door stops we need already thank you
we're going for name can be only this
year what is the life of clothes really
what does it come down to it's waiting
isn't it in the drawer
the shirts in your closet right now
going he never picks me they're either
on you or home hopefully I can pick
tomorrow and their whole existence is
just a steady decline isn't it no when
they first come in the house they're new
they got price tags no we wrap a little
tissue paper there's a big star start
the fold out of the rotation you're a
swarm it's so tragic one day they're
being shown off at parties nightclub
they say there used to be two clean
paint
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
it's always like Dick Van Dyke blank
[Laughter]
another crack here's the thing how many
times have you seen chicken of the sea
tuna and never stop to go look how kind
of insulting name is what do they think
I don't know what the hell of fish is
what are they chicken of the season well
you think of it as a chicken okay in the
see it's not really a chicken of course
but you think of it as a chicken because
we don't want to go through the whole
explanation of aquatic life - you idiots
so it's kind of like a chicken in the
wall couple years ago we had to save the
three stupidest whales in the entire
world up here in Canada they're under
that frozen lake we'll go under the ice
I mean aren't there something telogen
whales that we can help out do we have
to always help these idiots
I read the scientists estimated it would
take these whales six extra months to
complete the migration down to Mexico
the idiots I mean the other way also
have to be going hey where were you guys
the stupid whales ago did you see us on
TV we're doing a show this week where
couple of interesting story lines one of
them is that I'm involved with a
masseuse masseuse masseuse masseuse and
what is plural
masseur thank you very much you are
dismissed from the SAT finals here we
will not meet you for the college ball
reunion I don't know what is the plural
of masseuse masseuse is female masseur
is male but what's what's the plurals
masseuse masseuse masseuse I miss I it's
the same for both it's like fish one
fish two fish so I I was talking to a
bunch of masseuse today that's what you
say I don't think so
who's ever doing that though it doesn't
come up that often that you've read a
bunch of masseuse on the craftmatic you
know the contour chair get your legs up
but it's always sold with the fitness
perspective you know are you suffering
from weak muscles bad back for
circulation you're probably not lying
down thing will you have to do that with
the chair that's got the motor in the
cushion that just launches your ass
right now 45 minutes
I mean isn't that dangerous
[Laughter]
that I see them do is this no payments
until March you have you ever seen this
how stupid are we supposed to be like Oh
Oh March
it'll never be March the guy in March
he'll pay for it whoever he is I don't
have any money but in March it'll be
money some that guy will pay visiting
someone in the hospital you're walking
down that Carter you don't want to get a
real good look at any of those rooms as
you're walking isn't it amazing how you
only really care about your person when
you're in the hunt visit someone in the
hospital you know you meet the person in
the next bed you want them to get better
why can't the people in the hospital
where their own pajamas why do all the
patients have to dress alike
are they a team I don't think so pajamas
and TV that's how you get over any
illness this system has been working for
you your entire life and then when
you're in the hospital
and you really want to get better you
have no pajamas the TV's on the ceiling
and the last one is I have to pee but
I'll make it the only way you know that
men have been at all able to even the
score when this fake orgasm thing is
that it was a man that invented the
cubic zirconia that balances it out a
little
you can't tell we can't tell for Eva
what would you say is the dumbest Winter
Olympic event
ballerina skiing
yeah that's dumb I've never heard of
that one
ballerinas skiing with snow bowling yeah
that's a good one snow bowling yes
that's no bowling when they sweep in
front of it yeah it's like it's like a
maid competition there we go
I like the lose you know the loser loses
it's that it's the one that's done on
the bobsled run but if the guy's not
even on a sled it's just it's just Bob's
what it is it's it's literally Bob and
he's hanging on for his life and I I
feel like you could have people
competing in this sport against their
will and the times would be pretty much
the same they just grab people you put
them in the helmet so you wouldn't hear
them screaming you throw them down the
thing and they're in the loop who would
even know the difference just you can't
see them doing anything you know are
they aim their feet or something or the
biathlon you know this one this is the
one that combines cross-country skiing
with shooting a gun how many Alpine
snipers are into this it's like
combining swimming and strangle the guy
when we have that that makes as much
sense to me
[Music]
love airports feel safe in airports
thanks to the high-caliber individuals
we have working at x-ray security how
about this crack squad of savvy
motivated personnel the way you want to
set up your airport security is you want
the short heavyset woman at the front
with the skin tight uniform
that's your first line of defense you
want those pants so tight the flap in
front of the zipper is pulled itself
open you can see the metal tangs hanging
on for dear life then you put the bag on
the conveyor belt goes to the little
luggage car wash
and you have that other genius down the
other end looking in the little x-ray TV
screen this is Tyne has chosen to stand
in front of x-rays 14 hours a day
it's his profession looking in that
thing I have looked in that TV screen I
cannot make out one object he's standing
there what is that a hairdryer with a
scope on it that looks okay keep it
moving some sort of bowling ball candle
yeah I got no problem with that just we
don't want to hold up the line so I go
to the bathroom in the airport what is
the story on the sinks in Airport
bathrooms that they will not give us a
twisted on twisted off human style
faucet is that too risky for the general
population to change risks we better
install the one-handed spring-loaded
pain-in-the-ass Alcatraz style faucets
you know those ones we got to go ahead
work a little water there what is it
that they think we would do with a
faucet turn them all on full run out
into the parking lot laughs and pushing
each other into the bushes
come on the water's on let's go
I turned it on oh wow
we're business man we're gonna miss our
plane who cares water
that's how they think will behead do the
people that work in these little shops
in the airport have any idea what the
prices are every place else in the world
yeah $14 tuna sandwich we think that's
fair that's what we charge in our
country hey you get on the plane pilot
of course always has to come on the PA
system this guy's so excited about being
a pilot he can't even stand himself well
I'm going to take it up to about 20,000
and I'm gonna make a left by Pittsburgh
and I'm gonna make it right by Chicago
then I'm gonna bring it down to 15,000
do the whole route all his moves we're
in the back going yeah do whatever the
hell you got to do I don't know end up
where it says on the ticket really
why bother him with what I'm doing
knocking on the cockpit door I'm having
the peanuts now
yeah that's what we're doing back here
thought I'd keep you posted
I'm not gonna have them all now I'm just
gonna have a few I don't want to finish
it because it's such a big day
then the stewardesses have to come out
they have to do their little emergency
equipment show you know that thing they
do one of them reads did the other one
acts it out hey we have seatbelts and
oxygen man thanks for you to you they
show you how to use a seatbelt in case
you haven't been in a car since 1965 oh
you lift up on the buckle oh I was
trying to break the metal apart I
thought that's how it works I was gonna
try and tear the fabric part of the Bell
I thought if I could just get it started
then they always point out the emergency
exits always with that very vague point
though isn't it where that where the
hell with these places be with yourself
planes at a 90 degree degree angle your
hair's on fire you're looking for this
how do you think you're gonna do there
she's thinking I'm getting out before
you're getting out you're dead you're
dead I'm going then they always have to
close that first-class curtain - I
always give you that little look maybe
if you had worked a little harder
I wouldn't have to do this
[Applause]
it's a whole tiny world on the airplane
isn't it is always that little tiny
table there a tiny computer and was a
little cramped see tiny tiny utensils
tiny liquor bottles tiny bathroom
Chinese sink tiny mirror tiny faucets so
he's a small problem gonna be just like
the lathe gonna be literally I always go
in the airplane breath or even if I
don't have to go I got to go in there
it's nice it's like your own little
apartment on the plane isn't it going
there lock the door the light comes on
after a second second little surprise
party but I know he's impressed with the
amount of equipment that they have in
that place I mean it's little but they
got the tissues towels closets
compartments tiny slot for used razor
blades they always have the nice who is
shaving on the plane and shaving so much
they're using up razor blades is this
what's happening what is the Wolfman
flying and they have a crash site who
could shave that much higher