oh thanks I got a postcard for my friend
George with a satellite picture of the
entire Earth on the back you're out wish
you were here I was doing peyote when I
took my SATs
I got an 1800 I went to court for a
parking ticket I pleaded insanity I said
Your Honor why would anyone in their
right mind Park in the passing lane
curiosity killed the cat but for a while
I was a suspect when I die and leave my
body to science fiction now I was
arrested today for scalping loan numbers
at the deli
solid I'm a three for 28 bucks I was
once arrested for walking in someone
else's sleep I like to bring a
flashlight to the movies and just have
all the rows move down for no reason I
used to be a narrator for bad mimes I
was walking through the forest alone in
a tree fell right in front of me and I
didn't hear there any questions
feeling kind of hyper
what's a hardware store bought some used
paint it was in the shape of a house I
also bought some batteries but they
weren't included so I had to buy him
again what the battery's run on
why is the alphabet in that order was it
cuz of that song
guy wrote that song wrote everything
why is it a penny for your thoughts but
you have to put you two cents in
somebody's making a penny I like to
tease my plants when I water them I
water them with ice cubes I talked to
myself a lot it bothers people though
because I use a megaphone everyone some
when I like to stick my head out my
window look up at the sky and smile for
a satellite picture it's my birthday
recently for my birthday i got a
humidifier and a humidifier put him in
the same room let him fight it out and i
filled my humidifier with wax now my
room's all shiny
I went to a museum where they had all
the heads and arms from the statues that
are in all the other museum
had trouble going over there cuz I
parked my car on a towaway zone when I
came back the entire area was gone so I
walked everywhere is walking distance if
you have the time hey should I in this I
used to work for the factory where they
make hydrants but you couldn't park
anywhere near the place I used to be a
proofreader for a skywriting company
years ago I worked in a natural organic
health food store in Seattle Washington
one day a man walked in and he said if I
melt dry ice can I swim without getting
wet
I said I don't know let me ask Tony two
days leras fire treating cotton candy
and drinking straight bus go on the job
so I figured I'd leave the area because
I had no ties there anyway except for
this girl I was saying we had
conflicting attitudes I really wasn't
into meditation she really wasn't into
being alive
it's all but I knew what I was gonna die
cuz my birth certificate has an
expiration date I decided to leave and
go to California so I packed up my
Salvador Dali print of two blindfolded
dental hygienists trying to make a
circle on an etch-a-sketch
and I headed for the highway and began
hitching within three minutes I got
picked up me one of those huge trailer
trucks carrying 20 brand-new cars flying
up the side of the cab and they opened
the door the guy said I didn't have much
room in here when you get in one that
grows in back so I did he's really into
picking up people because he picked up
19 more we all had our own cars that any
190 miles an hour y'all got speeding
tickets
hey the photograph on my license taken
out of focus on purpose so on the police
to stop me they go here you can go
sometimes you can't hear me it's cuz
sometimes I'm in current the see
I bought some powdered water but I don't
know what to add
I'm entering the stranger sweepstakes
it's a contest you pay 50 cents you get
a little card that has a number on it
then you go up to any stranger you
scratch a penny on his hand it's the
number under there matches the number
you have you win $100 I won twice I was
beat up eleven times save the money
locus I'm playing trip to Spain so I
bought an album that teaches you the
language you put the album on you put
headphones on you learn the language why
it's sleeping during the night the
record skipped I get up the next day I
could only stutter in Spanish
when I go I'm flying a flying air bazaar
it's a good airline by a combination
one-way or roundtrip ticket you leave
any Monday they bring you back the
previous Friday that way you still have
the weekend I'm going to court next week
I've been selected for jury duty it's
kind of an insane case six thousand ants
dressed up as rice and robbed a Chinese
restaurant I don't think they did it I
know if you're a woman they wouldn't do
anything like I lost a buttonhole
where am I gonna get it better now
I stayed up one night playing poker with
tarot cards I have full house and four
people died
our telescope on the people on my door
so I can see who's at the door for 200
miles who isn't it was the enemy when
you get here
I got an answering machine from my phone
now and I'm not home and somebody calls
me up there recording of a busy signal
I like to leave messages before the beep
sorry my mind was wandering one time I
might well wait a meanness in order to
meal I couldn't pay for the map of the
United States his actual size
says one mile equals one mile people ask
Mary Lou they say e5
where do you live Eva I bought one of
those on the glass ball things with the
snow in it you turn it upside down and
turn it back and I start snow and I ball
except the one I had has a little plow
when it comes out and does the road
that's good I like it
last night I was in a bar and I walked
up to this beautiful woman and I said do
you live around here often
she said you're wearing to a different
color so I said yes but to me the same
because I go by thickness
and she said how do you feel and I said
well you know when he's sitting on a
chair and you lean back so he just on
two legs and then you lean too far are
you almost followed with just at last I
can you catch you so I feel like that
all the time
I broke a mirror my house is supposed to
get seven years bad luck but my lawyer
he thinks he can get me five I finally
went to the eye doctor I got contacts
but he only need them when I read so I
got flip up came on my desk right next
to my typewriter have the oldest
typewriter in the world types in pencil
under my bed I have a shoebox lowest
telephone rings and whenever I got
lonely I open it up just a little bit
and I get a call what time I dropped the
box all over the floor and the phone
wouldn't stop ringing so I had to have
it disconnected I got another phone
though I didn't have much money so I had
to get an irregular phone
he had no five on
I had no number five I was walking down
the street and I bumped into a good
friend of mine he said how come you
never call me anymore
I said I can't call everyone I want my
phone has no five on it
he said that's really weird he said how
long have you had it I said I don't know
my calendar has no sevens
the others and everything my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an
exact replica
I couldn't believe it call my friend and
I said come here look at this stuff it's
all exact replicas what do you think you
said do I know you I bought one of those
little glass ball things with the snow
in it just checking the human body is
made up of 98% water that means
everybody's that far away from drowning
ever the house sits on a median strip of
our highway it's good I like it
the only thing I don't like about when I
leave my driveway I have to be going 60
miles
198 flew a little bit too close to my
house I was walking from the living room
to the kitchen and the stewardess don't
me to sit
let's clean out my closet and I found a
little bathing suit that I made out of
sponges I remember one time ordered into
a pool then I left no could go swim
until I came back my bedroom I have a
nightlight I was search nightlight goes
back and forth across the room Isaac's I
have to get out in the middle of the
night go to the bathroom at the time
it's a don't get caught
I was walking my dog around my building
on the ledge a lot of people afraid of
heights not me I'm afraid of widths
I have a three-year-old daughter named
him stay there's a lot of fun ways a
puppy cousin I call them I say come here
stay come here stay here we go
it's a lot smarter than that now now
when I call man just to go me and keep
on typing he's a nice traveling check
my girlfriend has a queen-size bed I
have a court jester sized bed it's
writing green and I was bailed on it the
ends curl up I woke up one more and I
said no I made a few mistakes
I was little my backyard we had quick
sandbox I was an only child eventually
one time the police stopped me for
speeding and they said oh no speed limit
is 55 miles an hour he said yeah I know
but I wasn't going to be out that long
used to be a waiter I was fired for
clearing tables I was clearing them for
takeoff and then all lined up outside
people thought I was an outdoor cafe I
said no he's leaving at 3:00
they're gonna fire me because I told
them I think they should put the wrapper
on a straw on the inside because that's
a pot that you don't want to get dirty
I like to skate on the other side of the
ice I like to reminisce with people I
don't know I like to fill my tub up with
water than during the shower and act
like i'm in a submarine that's been hit
and i hate when my foot falls asleep
during the day because that means it's
gonna be up all night
when I got real real bored I like to
drive downtown and get a great parking
spot than sit in my car and count how
many people asked me if I'm leaving
can't remember the rest right now I'm
having amnesia and deja vu at the same
time when I was a baby I kept a diary
recently I was rereading and it said day
one still tired from the move day two
everybody talks to me like I'm an idiot
last time I went skiing had a gap at
5:30 in the morning note I knew I
couldn't do that so I slept with my skis
on
all right came to 5:30 in the morning he
can wake me up to carry me outta the
house put my skis onto a roof rack of
the car I drove right to the lone 17
miles away I woke up by this incredibly
bizarre dream that I was skydiving I was
on Tillie I don't sure that's happened
to you I spilled spot remover on my dog
now he's going
I have to smile couldn't find my socks
so I call information I say hello
information she said yes I said I can't
find my socks
she said the behind the couch when they
were tired of calling up the movies
listening to that recording of what's
playing so I bought the album last time
I went to movies I was thrown out for
bringing my own food here my Agora was a
concession same prices are outrageous
besides I haven't had a barbecue in a
long time I went to the cinema adults $5
children 250 I say alright give me two
boys and a girl
once I went to the drive-in in a cab
movie cost me $95 and went to a place to
eat it's at breakfast anytime so I
ordered french toast during the
Renaissance
I just got out of the hospital I was
gonna speed-reading accident I hit a
bookmark flew across the road
vanilla painting lightly abstract
painting extremely abstract no brush no
candidates I just think about it went on
I went to a museum where all the work in
the museum had been done by children
they had all the paintings up on
refrigerators
I left the museum and I was walking down
the street I saw a man who had wooden
legs and real feet
he asked me if any what time it is I
said yes but now I know
the ice cream truck of my neighborhood
plays elder sculptor call the wrong
number today I said hello is Joey there
and a woman answered she said yes he is
I said I speak to him please
she said no he can't talk right now he's
only two months old I said all right
I'll wait once I write another job
interview I took out a book and I
started reading the guy said what the
hell are you doing so let me ask you one
question if you're in a vehicle and you
were traveling at the speed of light
then you turned your lights on would
they do anything you said I don't know I
said forget it then I don't want to work
for you
I've never seen electricity that's why I
don't pay for
right right in the bill I'm sorry I
haven't seen you all month before I
didn't have a car I got a helicopter and
no air pockets here is to just tie a
rope to it and leave it running there's
a pizza place near where I live it only
sells slices go there and you see the
guy throwing up little triangles today I
was no that wasn't
yesterday I saw a subliminal advertising
executive just for a second I'm writing
a book and the page numbers don't know I
just have to fill in the rest I wrote a
song too but I can't read music so I
don't know what it is sometimes I turn
the radio when I say I think I might
write in that I've written several
children's books
not on purpose whenever I'm running a
little baby I always write down the
noises he's making so the years later I
can ask him what he meant first time
I've ever read the dictionary I thought
it was a poem about everything I'm
learning how to play the harmonica but
the only I can play to drive 100 miles
an hour but the harmonica my hands stick
my hand out of the way
I've been arrested three times for
practicing last time I tried to commit
suicide was about an hour ago
down the street on the roof of this very
tall building I ran I leapt off the edge
and accidentally did a triple backflip
man is standing on my feet every sauce
with two little kittens one of them said
to the other one see that's how you do
that
while ago I had no electricity in my
house I had no lights I couldn't see
what I was doing good thing my camera
had a flash it's going on my house like
this I wanted to make a sandwich it took
60 pictures of my kitchen the neighbors
called the police I thought that was
lightning in my house my house is made
out of balsa wood no one's home across
the street except for little kids I come
out and I lift my eyes up over my head
tell him to stay out of my yard or I'll
throw it at him I put tape on the
mirrors in my house so I won't
accidentally walk through into another
dimension and when those old-fashioned
type sinks was one faucet for the hot
water and one for the cold water the
showers like that too I have to keep
running back and forth I put instant
coffee into a microwave oven I almost
went back in time
I put a new engine my car we didn't take
the other one at home I can go 500 miles
out but how Monica sounds amazing
I took the headlights off and I put the
strobe lights on so when I drive at
night it looks like I'm the only one
that's moving I like my dental hygienist
I think she's very pretty
so I never got to have my teeth cleaned
while I'm in the waiting room I eat an
entire box of Oreo cookies
sometimes they have to cancel all the
rest of you boy
when I couldn't sleep so I get up then I
got hungry so went down to the store
that I know is open 24 hours when I got
down there there was a guy outside
locking it up he said sorry clothes see
what he mean he closed the science is
open 24 hours
he said not in a row why he can't have
everything where would you put it the
other day I got on an elevator and this
old guy got on with me I was opening the
buttons I pushed number 4 he said where
you going
he said Phoenix so I pushed Phoenix to
us open to tumbleweeds blow on we
stepped off we're in downtown Phoenix I
said you know yeah the kind of guy I'd
really like to hang around with he said
well I'm going out to the desert you
want to go I said sure so he hopped in
his car instead of driving out to the
desert he told me he spent most of his
life working on a research project for
the government trying to find out who
financed the pyramids Rajanna 30 years
and I paid him an incredible amount of
money he told him he was pretty sure it
was a guy named Eddie
we got to his house 500 miles in the
middle of the desert the phone rings he
says you get it so I know when I picked
it up men Sistema he said yes he said
business to hange is student a loan
director from your back
I said yeah I said you're 62 bank
payments behind phenom today from the
Institute you attended that they
received none of the $17,000 we loaned
you we'd really like to know he did with
it and so on the stands I'm not gonna
lie to you I gave the money to my friend
Jiggs Casey and he built a nuclear
weapon with it I'd really appreciate it
if you wouldn't call me anymore
I have several hobbies which I enjoy to
the fullest a large seashell collection
which I keep scattered on the beaches
all over where maybe you've seen it I
also collect rare photographs I have two
very rare photographs one is a picture
of Houdini locking his keys in his car
well it was a rare photograph of Norman
Rockwell beating up a child Friday was
in a bookstore aside talking to this
very French looking girl she was a
bilingual illiterate she couldn't read
in two different languages left the
store I went down the street to my bus
my bus came and I got on started walking
toward the back sat down beside this
beautiful blonde Chinese girl I said
hello and she said hello I said isn't an
amazing day she said yes it is I guess
so what do you mean you guess
she said well things haven't been going
too well for me lately I said like what
she said I can't tell you I don't even
know you and I said yeah but sometimes
it's good to tell your problems to an
absolute total stranger on a bus she
said well I've just come back to my
analyst and he's still unable to help me
I said what's the problem she paused and
said I'm a nymphomaniac and I only get
turned on like Jewish Cowboys
and she said by the way my name is Diane
and I said hello Diane I'm Bucky belts
too
when I first moved into my house is a
switch on the wall didn't control any
lights or anything I just flick it up
and down every once in a while and about
a month later I got a letter from a
woman in Germany saying cut it out
I have a microwave fireplace can laid
out in front of the fire for the evening
in 8 minutes for a while I lived in
Vermont with guy named Winnie we live in
a house that ran on static electricity
brother cook something we had to take a
sweater off real quick we wanted on a
blender we had to rub balloons on her
head I thought also procrastinate until
I met Winnie
when he got a birthmark when he was 8
all we needs it all day was practice
limbo we got pretty good he could go
into a rug people come over they say
what's that I said that's winning
about six months after we're living
there I looked outside my window I saw a
bird wearing sneakers
hello button on it's a night flying
nowhere so I hope no one knows what's
your problem buddy
he said I'm sick of this stuff every
year it's the same thing I went to hear
some of their went to hear some of their
said I don't know who thought this up
but it certainly wasn't a bird I said
well I was just making breakfast come on
in you want some eggs
Stiles I love the stones I can't believe
this still doing it after all these
years watching whenever I can
Fred and bunny
last summer I drove cross-country with a
friend of mine we split the drive and we
switched every half mile roll away
across we only had one cassette tape to
listen to I can't remember where it was
we went Salina Utah when we arrested for
not going through a green light we
pleaded maybe I asked the judge if he
knew what time it isn't he told me and I
said no further questions
Oh for absolutely no reason went to
Canada I was feeling good I just
received my degree in calcium
anthropology the study of milk men we're
driving over the border back into the
United States they asked me if I had any
firearms I said what do you need
I was traveling with my friend George
some people think George is weird
because he has sideburns behind his ears
I think he's here because he has false
teeth but he has braces on them last
time it can't be accidentally borrowed a
circus tent I didn't know it so I got
there and I set it up
people complaining cuz they couldn't see
the lake it was a forest nearby it
wasn't just any forest it was a forest
where they get paneling it's the wrong
thing for my friend George is a radio
announcer and when he walks under a
bridge you can hear him talk
my watches three hours fast and I can't
fix it so I'm going to move to New York
couple of nights ago I came over very
late it was the next night I have a
little bit of trouble getting it to my
apartment accidentally took out a cocky
and I stuck it into the door and turned
it in the building started up so I drove
around for oh I went to fasten the
police boat me all they said where do
you live it's right here
and I tracked in the middle of the
highway and I ran out the front door and
yelled at all the cars to get the hell
out of my driveway nobody lives in the
building notice that the building had
been moved because everybody who was in
the building is absolutely insane man
was above me designed synthetic hair
balls for ceramic cats
well mosey Sammy tried to rob a
department store with a pricing gun
altar I'll mark down everything in this
thing it's a good part when two living
Cazale outfits I have a pony I have a
Shetland pony named Nicky liked to ride
them around any problem if I have to
flip an album i remote to the stereo I
want to make a sandwich item into the
kitchen sometimes it's who have slide on
the tiles and he falls down last summer
he was involved in a bizarre
electrolysis accident all I hear was
removed except for the tail I rent him
out to Hari Krishna family peg guys Plus
whenever I move this glass break last
night I had a dream that all the babies
prevented by the pill showed up no man I
was cesarean born camera ito
oh well whenever I leave ours I go out
through the window
friend of mine named Dennis's parents
and midgets it is not a midget he's a
midget dwarf
he's a speck he's a guy who poses for
trophies but it's not about the girl I'm
seeing I met her in Macy's in New York
City she was buying clothes I was
putting slinkys on the escalators
the girls seen now name is Rachel she's
a very pretty girl she has emerald eyes
and long flowing plaid here the last
week in August II went camping way up in
Canada we laid her out on the woods and
stuff and I don't know how she did it
but she got poison ivy on her brain and
the only way she could scratch it was if
she thought about sandpaper
she's a rich girl she's from somewhere
else
and her father was an incredible
millionaire you know I made his money
he's the guy who designed that little
diagram that shows you which way to put
batteries in something hey hey
Rachel dear how I wish you were here
hey I can almost see you having sex with
Rachel is amazing it's like going to a
concert it really is she yells a lot
she throws frisbees around the room
when she wants marching like to match
Rachel dear I wish you were here
hey I can almost see you
I went skiing in England once we're a
package deal two-week sitting on one
night in Connecticut two weeks in
England I said yes I'll take it
lie down on this chair left with this
guy didn't know we went out forgot them
out without saying a word then he turned
to me he said he knows the first time
I've been skiing in ten years I said
y'all ready to take such a long time off
he said I was in jail I said why no long
I said not really
that's right better tell me why and he
said I pushed the total stranger off her
first way I said I remember you
very much thanks a lot
that's incoming I appreciated
it's a small world but I wouldn't want
to paint