Augusta Georgia hi y'all girl just to
Georgia home what a godfather James
Brown before I get started tonight I'd
like to say that God is to me God is
everything everything I have and
everything I am I owe to God now that
I've said that
don't be sometimes tonight when you
sound like I don't know God but I do
good to be here in Augusta it was a hard
fight for me to get HBO to go along
we're coming to Augusta they said
[Applause]
they told me that Augusta was too small
of a town to support five thousand
people for comedy but here we are
[Applause]
and I'm stopping that clapping because
it was right about one thing
this is a little last time you clap all
you want this is a little hands down
right here I was downtown to training
knowing I got to looking around all in
little ass buildings oh I start thinking
of myself said you can't commit suicide
in Augusta you're trying to jump on what
a neat boomers and kill Yosef yeah go do
another sprained your ankle you want to
kill yourself you got to drive up to
Atlanta and I know some old white folks
down here had a hard time trying to kill
Alicia
especially after Tiger Woods won the
Masters
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you find nowhere the chelation
I'm getting old way but never don't get
me wrong time you got a whole lot of
fans whole lot of white fair a lot of
white people no Tiger probably more
white people and black people but boy I
was down here for the Masters Lord it
was a white folk walk around looking
like somebody has shot Dave monkey I
stayed at a hotel and I was on the
elevator and a group of them got on the
elevator just looking toe down I knew
right away I'll see the hump must have
been some fuzzy was just too through and
you know I could feel it so you know how
I am you know I figured me being Who I
am by the word dig the knife being a
little bit further you know since you
don't like Tiger you know so I just
waited till it just feel nothing wait
for shooting it did oh shit I just said
[Applause]
I am
[Applause]
but you just can't keep talking to white
folks anyway you want to go they quick
that get you a fall for them
oh yeah mister what about OJ that's a
big-time african-american isn't he
that's the thing about America we're
always in the labeling America label
everything
the ladies label is Ebonics that's a new
label they trying to label the way black
folks talk they're gonna call it Ebonics
I Got News for You that ain't just the
way black folks talk you ain't gonna put
that on us
oh no we shooting a special in Georgia
walk-around strike up some conversation
with these folks down here I'm telling
you right just us
Ebonics is nationwide Ebonics covers
everybody you know just blame us for it
they punish anybody bodies are deep and
see the reason for Ebonics having to be
labeled the way it is is because they
have to find a way to describe the way
we talk you can't describe how we talk
black people are colorful people not now
America is rushing to come up with any
bondage dictionary do you know that
Ebonics changes every week I'll tell you
one thing if you do have a dictionary it
better be in pencil you know you're
looking like you don't like the word
hello are you gonna put the word hello
in Ebonics dictionary you know how many
ways we got to say hello
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah you need what about the wand that
ain't a word at all how about this here
hello
[Applause]
but i'ma tell you the real reason that
America is rushing to come up with an a
banach stiction area this is the real
reason and listen to me close ebonics is
the leading cause of white folks taking
accidental ass whippings
[Applause]
during holdups dang it my white folks we
gotta ass accidentally whoop doing
holdups than any other crime in the
history of our country and let's look at
this closer first of all who amongst us
is the holdup man
it is the uneducated come see if you got
an education you know good and well it
ain't a good Ants idea to hold up liquor
stores at 2:30 in the morning
trying to raise money you got better
system now but now if you ain't got no
education y'all waiting to ask say hey I
don't make a living robbing livingstone
I had this at one time I was up in
Cleveland at about two o'clock in the
morning I was in like this 7-eleven and
I was in there getting some bread and
these four brothers came in and you know
I ain't saying that all black people
steal you know that ain't true but that
night it was formed
[Applause]
it came in you know and they had that
look you know how to look on anything to
do something you know the hairs be you
know I'm just standing there going oh
hell no no I ain't got no business in
here no two o'clock in the morning
looking for oh damn bread now here's the
problem when you uneducated even if you
a holdup man you got to have a good
education called somebody as the holdup
man has to make the public service
announcement this is the announcement
that's made to inform the public as to
what's about to occur
they seem not always managed to elect
the dumbest fool with them to do the
talking I don't know how this works out
but always the Ignotus boy does the
talking I'm standing still they came in
a star position in a cell and the last
one walked in by his Ignat a star
talking no education I'm not the white
folk didn't know what to do he won't get
a cent
[Music]
[Applause]
white people just confused
Jesus what's going on I know now right
away my ass knew
[Applause]
the Siang knew his ignant ass was trying
to say all right everybody on the
got-damn float
[Applause]
white lady just and energy that's what
is that I said later get your ass in the
float ma the brother thinks she
disrespected me now he's got the
[Applause]
I know y'all looking at me now what's
wrong with him I'm the way I am because
of my parents my mother and father are
the reason I am the way I am my parents
are very different my parents are still
living though I'm grateful my mom and
daddy are 82 years old and they still
here I'm grateful to God let my mom and
daddy live long enough to finally see my
sorry ass turn out to be just a little
bit of something come out disappointing
the hell out my mom and daddy when I was
growing up we can start sinking in on
you
my parents are different my mother is
saved we in George and I ain't got to
explain that to you my mama say my mama
know Jesus that's all she never taught
us nothing else you never tell us they
open mind bout nothing Jesus Jesus Jesus
all my mama know my daddy is a hooter 83
year old my daddy shoot everybody in
here I'm not - cuz he oh he can't see
that good no more my mother raised us in
the church my mother raised us
religiously in the church her thing was
Jesus Christ no I ain't preaching to you
believe anything you want to believe
cuz I'm who am I to tell you what's
right for you if you dine with a
religion and that religion working for
you that's the one you ought to stick
with and don't anybody come by your
house on Saturday morning change your
mind
I mean I'm down with all religions hey
if you a Muslim oh hey oh whoa oh you oh
you know why selasa like whatever y'all
saying you a Catholic hey sprinkle
sprinkle your Jehovah Witness that's
fine with me - just give me a call for
you come by tired of y'all surprise in
my ass every Saturday I might want to
come to the don't have a little surprise
waiting on you sometime come to the
dough foot better with a shotgun in my
hand had him the watchtower strode it
all down the street
[Applause]
my mother had us believe in heaven in
Hell by round of applause how many y'all
believe in heaven in Hell now the manner
she saw by round of applause how many of
y'all think if the world were to end
right now clap if you think you'd go to
heaven
[Applause]
that's a day I'm saying you know good
inhale well all y'all ain't going to no
heaven half of y'all in here get your
hands up how you figured just cause you
clap you going to heaven it ain't that
easy it's hard to get to heaven why do
you think you hear old people saying
that old Negro spiritual I'm just gonna
walk around walk around heaven all day
that's cause it gonna be plenty room
[Applause]
you never heard nobody said you're gonna
walk around hell all day hey Oh cuz it's
gonna be bad still gonna be trying to
party come on y'all let's not I bet you
better get out of my shoe I bet you
might not be on this son of a bitch when
we get through your mother
[Applause]
unless I'm forgetting some s about
judgement day - that's gonna be one line
you gonna be you gonna be the big Harry
to get up front you know how you're
always cutting in line trying to act
like you was bad hey hey hey hey I've
been here I'm trying to tell you now
been here all day no no not on judgement
day no judgment day you're gonna be in
line looking seasick being on time
[Applause]
they want to really mess you up is if
you see somebody get sent back the other
way that you just knew was gonna make it
to heaven
[Applause]
hello who judging today
did you step up you hear some bad news
go to hell some of y'all couldn't go
with me on now I saw you hold up see I
know you ain't said hell now to the Lord
you know if you say that you know you're
going to hell in and I need a standard
trying to stand up ahead work out of
nothing I don't worry about I know where
it is all about yeah can't believe I
said that didn't lie you know you know
Judgment Day you know it's gonna be one
brother standing in line
ain't gonna be able to take no for an
answer
gonna be one brother in line looking for
a hook-up try to see if he knows
somebody at the gate you know in line
like ain't nothing wrong
[Applause]
he step up here some bad news
go to hell
[Applause]
jeez Jesus feet
oh you gonna play me off
[Applause]
you know sometimes when I work I try to
say something of importance you know I
think about racism and and how sick and
how big of a sickness it is for our
country I think that racism is the
biggest problem we got in this country
some people think it's girls and crying
but I think it's racism now
I think the racism is so stupid I cannot
see disliking a person because of the
color they scan I only wish that people
didn't dislike me because of the color
of mine but this is America that's how I
go you know and it's a funky situation
you know and it plus it's tough it's
tough to love everybody anyway God got
some hard rules you know Stan you're
stank-ass either you quit waving at me
you get the hell off my fence you know
turn the other cheek hey you know oh you
might slap me I might turn the other
cheek but when I come I think the only
way to tell racism is we got to do more
things together you know as black and
white I really do I think we ought to go
on mow picnics together I think we ought
to have more company outings I think if
we're gonna have positions passed out in
corporate America we ought to
proportionately have the same amount of
corporate positions as everybody else if
you're gonna pass out spots in the
cabinet in the White House
you ought to pass in my proportionately
let us have the same amount as everybody
else you know I think we ought to do a
whole lot of things together now when it
comes to going to church that's pretty
much where I think we ought to just draw
the line
[Applause]
it ain't gonna work I didn't seen it it
ain't happening
trust me it's some stuff going on that's
some white folks church that you ain't
gonna be able to get next to and this
damn shows them stuff going on that show
Church that they show ain't gonna be
able to get next to you so ain't no need
to bossing over to your favorite Church
just go to the one that's around the
corner from your house I tried it before
I know some white people stay out in
Beverly Hills and one time they asked me
to go to service with him I should have
knew right then handle being a guard I
ain't never been to service before I
haven't been to church
ain't no witness service I said it right
to church see you are CH touch my church
Church is the building you attend church
is the activity that going wants to get
inside the building that's what I'm
talking about wrong with the service
with these white people I don't know if
you never heard white people pray or not
if you ain't you need to go at least one
time it's an amazing thing these people
happen to be Catholics I don't even know
who date baby friend they talk to God
like he stay next door you know what I
hate a buddy like he got a membership at
there why they don't shit they ain't no
emotion in it they just be talking to
God Oh father guy
[Applause]
you know father we just want to thank
you for warm days and sunny rays Oh
father God you know father you know if
you could just watch over young Tim
going back and forward to school each
and every day
Oh God
you know if you could just stop and buy
will be here too because that is how
black people pray no no black people go
to God totally different black people go
to God with reverence and respect see
black people know God got a list of
titles and we got to go down all them
titles before we start asking for some
all black people give it up when they
pray gracious God our Father Lord of
lords king of all change of the universe
is bright and the Morningstar lamb's
wool like bronze cool eh
[Music]
[Applause]
ladies give up unforgiveness that can
never gain in a fan letter give us
Beckham has to be given on tooth we ask
all these things in his name that you
check say man you be standing that going
[Applause]
I'm gonna share with you some things
that's different about us I'm gonna tell
black people something that's different
about whites that you didn't know I'm
gonna tell white people some about black
people that you didn't know maybe you
can help understand each other a little
bit better white folks have wonderful
weekends
they do white folks have wonderful
weekends white folks Oh white folks do
shit on the weekends yo black ass never
dreamed of doing white folks have
spectacular weekends last time your
black ass had a wonderful weekend people
don't have wonderful weekend we just
have a couple of days off cuz we know
Monday is back to the bullshit you know
we just using two days to rejuvenate our
soul so we have enough to get through
the week that's all it is
oh you might set the grill up or
something
you don't have your cousin's come over
you know Pookie nail getting your aren't
getting a fight with your uncle Pookie
jump in it then you got to call the
police police calm that Pookie ass to
jail now you got ten $100 bail money
down there get Pookie ass out now you
know messed up all the kids school money
for the week not next time you see
Pookie you want to stab his ass white
folks have incredible weekends now I'm
gonna tell you some of the stuff white
folks do on the weekend trust me
somewhere in America this weekend a
white man somewhere is gonna go hang
gliding
go strap a kite
only this Ignat ass back and step
straight the fuck off the mountain Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you better not push a black person out
for me you know what cuz we some scary
ass people black people scared a little
bit of shit we don't even go
rollercoasters after we 18
[Applause]
thanks for miss white folks on the
weekend white folks go fishing on the
weekends I'm talking really fishing
white folks got boats extra rods and
reels in case some friends come along
they got lures and they'd be all over
that Lake just finding fish they got
radar tell them how deep the water is
how many fish up under the boat where
the roxxon's all that Oh white folks got
everything be all over the lake fishing
yo ass is fishing but ain't you saying
no yo ass is sitting on the bank on a
bucket with a keyhole stand some little
red white ball on top of the yellow just
looking at it our our I hate to break it
to you
that ain't fishing yo ass is hoping you
just hoping a fish come along and bite
that raggedy ANNs worm that's been on
the hook since 5:00 in the morning some
bitchin time greater fuck ain't even
wiggling no mo oh no little fish come
along and finally bite it you can so
excited you know you don't feel that in
the last fish all up in the parking lot
now you are all up under the croc trying
to find that gotcha
[Applause]
[Music]
you knew you should have through that
little ass fish back in the first place
ha
but yo black ass ain't throw it no fish
back on you oh you know why cuz you got
some hot grease and cornmeal waiting on
his ass break it up
[Applause]
nice to smile you can't even get the
bones out of it now you got to wrap it
up in eight nine slices of white bread
so you don't choke you eat Madonna's
half to death
say something else is different
black people handle getting fried
different from wife Oh
[Applause]
you can't fire us the same it ain't
gonna go good see different tweaking
fine black people white people is this
when you fire white people they don't
ever see it coming what are you talking
about what are you nuts
for cryin out loud for the love of God
for pete's sake you got a list of shit
they go round when they think they ass
is gone because they can't believe
they're getting here see black people on
the other hand we figure well any day
now
[Applause]
my ass ought to be out of here let's see
we know if there's some fine going on we
first so we pretty much expected I know
what I'm talking about because I didn't
had a lot of jobs for I got into this
right here I didn't have probably ten
level jobs out of them ten eleven jobs
I've been fired probably ten eleven
times there's one job lens job ahead I
was some assures I had this boss named
Tom Tom was white I liked the time Tom
was fair that's what I liked the body he
was just a fair man I had never had a
beef with him
Tom was gonna fire this white guy named
Bob I like Bob I used to go to lunch
with Bob Mick Bob's family Bob was a
nice guy so Tom came out the office one
morning the fire bob bob was just
sitting there
she's right away if I see Tom walking in
my desk
you know I perk up cuz this could be it
Bob ain't even looked up you know Tom
walked his ass out there you know your
boss ass is kind of tight anyway I don't
know why that is they always walk like
somebody pushing them I don't know what
it is be tono if they scare somebody
gonna break something off in it on what
but it isn't look like somebody pushing
them in the ass all the time is up to
Bob's destiny well hey Bob Bob can I see
you in my office for a moment please
mom says shooting tom Bob stood right up
walk right into Tom's office it said Tom
you wanted to see me what the hell do
you mean does he want to see you he just
walked out to your desk and said Bob can
I see you in my office for a minute what
is this bullshit about it's denial he
don't see it coming and Tom proceeded to
find Bob right by the book that's the
board meeting this past week and after
going over the board we were kind of
looking at your evaluation I wanna tell
you the truth
you're just not cutting it
what are you saying you know couldn't
hear well what he's saying your answers
almost out of here you see what the hell
is going on but denial Tom said listen
to me
Bob you're making this so difficult I
know you're gonna have a tough time
explaining this to Mickey what we're
gonna have to let you go Oh Tom what am
I gonna do what about the mortgage what
about the children's college fund Oh
father god
yeah but when you go out there to fire
Willie it ain't gonna go like that
see believe me when you go out there to
fire Willie you got take a whole nother
approach Tom came out there one day to
fire willing I said an extra Willie
Willie was my boy for sure so sooner
town came out to offered me and Willie
just win cuz we know something to go
down now Tom walked his ass right up to
Willie hey Willie Willie can I see you
in my office for a moment please
what for
but your hair we going in off the Photon
you got something tell me you tell me
right here that's right here ain't gonna
know he's not some tell women who detail
with it right here now time no he got a
problem he know he got to get this
altercation behind closed doors right
now cuz he know willing fitting to show
his hole all these cubicles in this
office something to go down so time
helping got his answering often willing
stood up before Willie walked in will it
start walking around the death talking
to me Willie say huh be some bullshit in
here yeah I know some bullshit when I
see it yeah yeah buddy
uh-huh what the hell he called me in
office fuck I've been here 12 years
bastard ain't never asked me to come
into damn off be fuck it's gonna be some
shit in here I'm gonna go in there I
going in there but I tell you what
better not be for what I think it is I
don't know that so Willie walk right up
in time
[Applause]
what's up Tom tried to fire Willie just
like a fire bar
yo Louie they're at the board meeting
last week you know we were going over
your evaluation
what valuation I see no got the
evaluation we did your hand of Al uation
I didn't want a thought
did you post it on the board in the can
15 last week I ain't seen nothing I tell
you right now I'm sorry shit
Jesus mooing come on you're making this
so difficult
all right enter go here see say it Tom
see see see you Tom see saying you could
enough say what I thank you Bob safe you
say it Sam five satisfied I swear to god
I'll burn this motherfucker say it down
this motherfucker fuck say you came out
saying five sale five so say it I'll say
I Kiki Kiki she's not so willing I know
you're gonna have a tough time
explaining this to Wilhelmina I'll just
say black no Philomena this spot will
your tanner
[Applause]
Willie we're gonna have to let you go
[Applause]
oh no this bullshit I fuckin get my
chick give it a give him a check
give a check give me my check don't play
with my money get my check I'll burn I
said it I've test where to God get my
check get my check Willie we've got two
weeks to sing you your money you ain't
got no two weeks with willing kind of
money give me my money my way don't see
the security door surrounded the
building Willie don't see the rifles
aimed at his back you are willing
knowing he leaving here without his
check
now all you see is Willie getting drawn
out of some cup hey Tiki get my check
[Applause]
[Music]
you know I think a lot of times about
relationships you know cause
relationships I'm so very very difficult
to maintain especially for women I feel
for women the most because you know it
is so hard for women to find a good man
it really is
I know see the problem with finding a
good man is that see most good men are
already taken and then the ones that
ain't taking them all the ones you know
kind of had to go away for a little
while you know it didn't work out good
down at the court and then the ones that
ain't good and gone and ain't going away
to rest on me you know jack on you know
just little you know little some some
you know just that ain't my business you
do what you wanna do just just may not
ever come to me with it that's all and
it's difficult for women to have find
good men and it's difficult for you to
keep me in because women you don't
understand man so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna help you understand us a
little bit better see you all have been
losing the war with men because you
don't know how we function you try to
play the game different from the way we
play see with us there are no rules
whatever goes goes if you can't supply
all our needs and you are woman oh man
I'll go somewhere else and get them
covered but see you on the other hand
try to stick by his ass he can feel good
or bad he my man and some of y'all just
hanging on to the same piece of trash
you been hack for somebody
see what i'ma show you ladies is if you
can't find a good man to supply all your
needs
Steve fitting to teach you how to get a
whole gang of them round them up and
make yourself one good ass man
so basically what I'm about to tell you
ladies is how to build yourself a man
here we go watchin watch what I tell you
see first of all women have four basic
needs the most the most needy need in a
woman is the need to communicate you
have to have someone to share your most
inner thoughts with that's the number
one thing in a relationship you got to
be able to express every emotion
verbally to someone that's how women
that's what women used as a filtering
process women love to talk most of your
men are not good talkers we really don't
give a damn how your day with hell is
over what you're crying about
go to bed wake up see you tomorrow so
ladies if your man is not a good talker
the first man you need to go out and get
listen to me close is a gay man
[Applause]
sano-sama she gave me and listened to me
gave me and loved to talk talk talk talk
talk talk talk all night
you lying did he show Leah's girl you
must be right all night long and here's
the beauty of them
they ain't gonna ever ask you for none
of that cookie you know why cuz he don't
want none of y'all cookie all he want to
do is hang around you pick up a couple
of traits from you
so he can go down to the club used him
treats and get his own man
[Music]
so the first man you need is a gay man
just a big ol just the city soft in
tendency not a second thing that's
critical to women is security every
woman loves security in other words
that's called a little financial
assistance you know sometimes you just
need a little help just you know
somebody help you stay even with the
rent you know catch you up on a couple
car payments just ship me in on some
groceries and suck your couple couple
ever pick up a cup of shirts for the boy
for school just a little financial
assistance see ladies if that's what you
need then the second type of man you
need to go out and get is an old man
just some old brokedown ball-headed
rich-ass old man he ain't gonna never
ask you for no cookie either even if he
do Engel be able to rise to the occasion
all you gotta do is pat him on his
little ball head squeeze it a little
wrinkled up and seven on there you lay
your little money on the dresser tickets
on butt on home not a third most
important thing to a woman especially if
you divorced or you a single mother
sometimes you just need a father figure
somebody to come through and just help
out with the kids somebody that'll
provide a role model for the little boy
just build male figure for your little
girl somebody come in and work with the
kids with you well if that's the case
the third man you need to go out and get
is a lovely man I'm talking toe up from
the floor I'm talking he's so ugly he
can't get in nobody else's house he
ain't gonna ask you for no cookie either
cuz he afraid you'll get mad and make
him stop coming back you can't afford
for that to happen oh here's a glance
should be good to them kids can't a
little rowdy ants boy down to the park
take your little girl swinging yeah here
push your girl in that swing for our
glance ain't got nowhere to go
[Applause]
and now last but not least here's the
fourth type of man you need every woman
in he'll needs the just a big old man
dingo man feel your hand so patty just
coming in just tell yo ass just where
are you hello I'm talking big old stupid
ass man he didn't know how he don't even
know how to talk he don't even know how
to hold his mouth when he walk it
[Applause]
Babur would he get there now ladies let
me show you how to put all them
sorry-ass men together and build
yourself one good man first of all you
get on the phone and you call up the old
man you get him to bring a little few
dollars by go out and buy yourself some
nice little lingerie so you can be
looking all sexy get you some new sheets
cuz you won't to bed a half sagging on
it you can have just a little love nest
get the house smelling real good with
his money his old wrinkled ass and send
him on out the dope then you get on the
phone and call up the ugly man he come
over and pick up him little rowdy ass
kids of y'all I'm sorry bastard take
these sirens down to the park just play
with him till a ants fall out then when
the house is all clear get on the phone
and call up mandingo coming up the
nightstand
hitches and shit falling off the wall
you smack him on his ass begetting oh
[Applause]
yeah and soon as he go home get on the
phone call up sissy and tell him all
about it
[Applause]
see we talk about man and men as me and
we know we bring a certain amount of
problems to the relationship but we're
not gonna sit here and blame everything
that's wrong in your relationship on the
man go see everything is wrong ain't our
fault
see see see all that little cackling
laughing we've been hearing a minute ago
fellas I'm finished shut that down I bet
you're not dog
see when it comes to to putting that spa
back in your relationship a lot of you
ladies are disappointed in your man
because you think the spark in your
relationship is gone
you'll love business in your bedroom
ain't what it used to be and you think
it's cause he done slipped in his
department but don't know see let me
straighten you out a little bit see when
it comes to being sexy women you have us
beat hands down there is no contest
you are the sexy of being it's something
y'all just sometimes when you pull the
sheets backing you just laying in their
skin and them them circles
[Applause]
sorry about that laughing lost myself or
see when it come to being sexy you all
got us beat see you all can wear things
to bed that are far sexier than we could
ever do see if you want that spark back
sometimes you got to start you know
putting it back in there yourself you
know it ain't a whole lot we can come to
bed and y'all got all kinds of stuff
y'all can go to victorious sequencing in
the mall
you got whole departments with laundry
in it you know there's a couple of
things you can wear to bed to just
instantly put the spark back in it you
know I'm you know like a g-string you
know I'm trying to tell you ladies
there's something in us when we see a
string go down to crack or yo ass hop
beat yo ass see I don't give a damn if
when the string go team and we don't see
it no mo I don't go and swallowed it
straight up like this looks as long as
we know it went down in there and come
up in the front
oh he's gonna be some hell up in here to
see
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
see a lot of you women out there and
quit doing that because you've been with
your man for a while and you didn't
forgot the old saying that the same
thing it took to get your baby hook he's
gonna take the same thing to keep them
oh when you first met him all you did it
all candles all around the bantha too
little sexy rule with his initial on it
loose wicks spray all over the house
come in just he'll know where to start
yeah but now what in the hell do some of
y'all wear to bed now huh some of y'all
come to bed looking like anything some
of y'all come to bed dressed like your
ass is goin huntin thicker socks big
baggy sweaters big old t-shirt with a
knot tied in the front camouflage jacket
all you need is a skillet and a canteen
let me ask you something what the hell
is bloomers where did you find a pair
drawers so big that they come all up
over your stomach right up under yo
Tina's where did you find it bigger than
straws that summer young man they see
your navel in seven years
[Applause]
give me them drawers was too big when
you hung them on the clothes line last
week and you looked outside and a little
boy next door had climbed up in them
that was outside swingin
in yellow
[Applause]
you're right about that pair underwear
that you weren't doing that special time
with a month why did you get that
raggedy as prayer draws up lastik kept
it all loose at the top
it ain't tight around the thighs no more
you got 40,000 lint balls all of them
look like you want to take a big shaver
and razor shave that shit off coming to
bed looking like you got a bathroom rug
wrapped around your ass now you laying
in bed talking about why don't you hold
me cause you asses itching that's why
you feel like a Red Cross splinter
[Applause]
what about them house shoes have been
weighing of assistant let his hands used
to be all fluffy and pink now you didn't
waste it chicken grease on set up all
over this chute
now you creature Hansen took them to the
shop and hand taps put on walking around
a trailer what about that nasty-ass rag
you wrap on your head of the night when
you gonna watch that match there's red
coming to bed smelling like Glover's
mane that's alright
I'm Steve Harvey