please I start by saying God is
everything to me if it wasn't for God I
wouldn't be nothing well not a we didn't
got that out the way
how y'all doing y'all all right y'all
winning you are you winning they are now
in winning if we was winning would we be
out here looking at your ass
I guess not it's hard to win in Vegas I
don't like it out here
shit walking around everybody winning
but you hold over let's stop this shit
right now
lot of y'all ain't laughing right now
but god damn it I'm funny I'm gonna have
your ass vomiting in a minute you just
hold on you're gonna sit out here
half-assed laugh at me I don't give a
damn where you're from I know what the
hell I'm doing shit y'all the one bought
the ticket I'll take gambling and shit
out in round Washington game only people
be winning this whole white women I
don't even like it be walking by they be
the same ol ass white woman bucket just
be clinging a chain chain chain chain
chain chain chain chain you've ever see
the one-five jack box in the same
goddamn machine you ain't worn shit been
out here all damn day and then when
black people where we just so over
excited about it we all over the toilet
and I saw this old black lady had won
some money at a slot machine just
jumping up ah yo Jason ah Jesus gotcha
I ran over to look at the machine it had
4,000 on it I said goddamn Wow then I
got to looking this heifer than one
4,000 Mickle's about 35 goddamn dollars
the fuck is you jumping up and down bout
over there sit your ass down somewhere
[Applause]
la every white people hit the jackpot I
love this shit cuz when y'all hit the
jackpot
y'all makes several phone calls
call your lawyer financial planner
consultant call your accountant black
people hit the major jackpot we make one
phone call to a job
motherfucker I'm going say y'all seem
like different kind of crowd to me
what's what's the matter y'all I y'all
little subdued or something you could
cuz you don't know each other y'all from
now all different parts of the country
sitting up here high off y'all y'all
player
you ain't got no jacket and nothing dawg
you just
just and dress the fuck up you that's it
that's it for you just got a t-shirt got
them and I'm out the house not ever
that's all I'm doing is putting a
fucking t-shirt on I'm going I'd fuck
the Kings I don't never wanted to see
you something I'm just messing with you
man have a good ass time you look like
where you from dog different Vegas you
live here what you do for a living
you raise money for charity great that's
just fucking great yes that's one way to
get me out your ass ain't it I raised
money for charity asshole but you know I
feel about this being right now fucking
with you don't anybody else I could have
been talking to I go talk to mr. fucking
United Way amazing thing man you got you
got to get used to this here because I'm
into this group by the way man thank
y'all so much for supporting the Kings
of Comedy all across the country in
y'all's town I do appreciate that it's
different you show your appreciation
different to I was in a restaurant I was
having dinner one night and I saw Mel
Gibson Mel Gibson
[Applause]
folks in order for this to be a good ass
show if I say something that sounds
familiar
your ass is supposed to respond right
away not on this fucking five-second
delay you got work I'm having dinner and
I saw Mel Gibson over the 8 months and
we sitting there and and I wanted to go
say something to him but and my girl
told me Steve you ought to go say
something to him but I said no I'm gonna
say no to him because you know he might
try to play me you know how you walk up
to some celebrities they ass think they
down and you say something doing that he
played me short then they're gonna be a
goddamn fight in the restaurant cuz I
will slap the shit out Mel Gibson I will
if you embarrass me I will backhand the
fuck out Mel Gibson and I said it I said
nama just leave me low so we happen to
be leaving the restaurant at the same
time and he saw me and he said hey Steve
Harvey mister true star he said a big
friend of yours
I said well goddamn it Mel Gibson I'm a
big fan of yours too how you doing it
was just a great moment we walk in that
restaurant and a white family was
outside and saw mail leave the
restaurant and I've never seen this
before but they saw Mel he said hey Mel
Oh Mel how about a photograph and an
autograph how about a photograph at an
autograph for my children how about it
Mel he said I don't have fucking time
for that then white people said okay Mel
take care love you anyway hey Lethal
Weapon 5 and I said Kat damn I ran up to
me listen Mel you do that all the time
he said I do it all the time fuck I
don't have time for this shit sometime
he said don't you do it that's a shit
not to black people
it was ahead and there was a whole
nother group that I'm dealing with and
motherfuckers ain't handling this shit
like yo people male cuz I've done this
shit one time I was leaving the
restaurant his big-ass sister was
standing out there and she had two kids
with her but you couldn't see you
because there was behind her ass and I'm
walking out the restaurant she said
evening mr. Harvey I said how you doing
mind if I get out of graph and a picture
for the kids I saw really have time
right now I'm in a rush Oh ain't that a
bitch you in a rush but I don't rush
home to watch your motherfucking show no
Bo
your son of a bitch your big lip bastard
I ain't never liked your motherfucking
show know how you know these children's
needs rose - come on shut up all that
crying I told you he wasn't shit come on
you can't do him the same I'm telling
you man there's a whole nother man sir I
got this radio show that I do out in LA
and uh
[Applause]
that is off the hook I wasn't ready for
that
100.3 to Pete oh shit I'm off to change
think I'm lying I'm naked
so later one morning I don't know if you
heard it but one morning I had as a
special guest to do that play on Green
Mile the big-ass brother Michael Clarke
Duncan big-ass Michael Clarke the dude
that was the big black dude in the movie
Green Mile and he was sitting we had a
nice interview going and I messed around
I said so Mike you've done Green Mile
what's next
he said well I'm gonna be starring in
the movie Planet of the Apes
and I ain't wanna say shit but I look
mad at the motherfucker you know this
know why we always got to be in the
goddamn movie about some a decent shit
and then people start calling in off the
air we're saying you know we don't think
that we should be portraying monkeys in
a movie but I didn't let him hidden
under the cause because you know our man
was on the show as a guest so when it on
one of the commercial breaks I said so
Mike I said oh you know how much you
make for something like you don't plan
it out of age he said between me and you
I said yeah he said about 10 million
look I got to thinking I said shit for
pho million I'll be all the
motherfucking monkey us could stand I'd
be so much goddamn monkey black people
be shame on my ass look at that
motherfucker you know you ain't got to
act that good a goddamn monkey you ought
to stop at your motherfucker look at
that son of a bitch just rectified and
shit four million dollars look I'll be
walking in the workmanship but I have a
handful of mementos I just drink banana
milkshakes don't eat shit but banana
cream pie Oh mother I bring my asshole
peak
[Applause]
fucker
I said I wouldn't even answer my own
name no mo hey Steve hey Steve
motherfucker is cheetah got their
machito and that not make me man
Oh how does some funny shit to me man
goddamn see people tripping me out man
they expect you to change you know god
bless you they expect you to be
different
I ain't never changed my I'm always the
same I never let fame fortune
none of that change you lying I rise
like this all day long I like it like
this I raised my kids like we struggling
to I raised my kids the same way my mom
and daddy raised me cuz fuck that money
that shit of get your ass in trouble
raising them punk-ass kids buy some book
I kicks my kids ass like my daddy kicked
my ass all the damn time my dad is my
toe world's wherever you show out that's
when you get worked out you show out in
the grocery store god damn it I'm number
eight it is B so ass all over the stove
he be calling in it's against the law in
California to whip your children I don't
give a shit I'm beating the fuck out of
my kids all the time if you don't kick
your kids as you're going to have
problems with them I'm trying to tell
you that's why they're little boys and
girls is dead in Colorado right now cuz
some silly ass parent she care do they
own goddamn kids ain't that a bitch
I'm not going in Johnny's room that's
his room is private
no bucket is my house all the rooms in
Hill is mine I wish the fuck I would
knock on the door I'm paying the goddamn
rip motherfucker open this goddamn dough
I'm checking draw I'm under the bad you
ain't building a bomb in this
motherfucker
that's what happened you let kids do
what they want to do my son I got a 15
year old he's starting to lose his damn
mind cuz you know if you got them in
your house you know at 15 they starts
you know feeling they self
they smells de urine at that age they
walking around starting to think that
they asses somebody here's my forgetting
no different cuz even got tall he
already about 6 1 and I ain't for sure
but I think that he thinking about
trying my ass and I didn't told him
goddamnit be careful cuz if I catch you
I swear to god I'm gonna try to kill you
yes boy you can ask the Lord about me
I'm gonna try to kill your ass
your mom ain't gonna be able to get in
here in time biggest mistake I made with
this boy I try to teach him how it he is
to struggle you dig I want him to know
what it is a struggle because I'm
blessed that ain't really for you you
know I took his ass you know it ain't
I took his ass school shopping this year
and we're going to get some gym shoes
you know he get to go to the Foot Locker
and I ain't player hating cuz I didn't
we didn't have Foot Locker when I was
growing up they got a hole stole
dedicated to a day I'm shoe got running
walking basketball racquetball tennis
bullshit shoe on the wall cost a hundred
and forty five damn dollars you know
round like that shit cuz when I wouldn't
got my shoes and whatnot no goddamn Foot
Locker I bought all my shoes from a
grocery store they was on a table in the
produce section tied together in a night
he got a whole damn stone dedicated to
his punk ass feet so he get about five
pass shoes lined up I'm waiting on him
to pick one we get a better cash
he got all of them I should say hey
flare hold on whoa we getting some gym
shoe oh you got one motherfucking gym
class ancient we have one got their pair
shoes he said but I want all of them but
I want all of them motherfucker
I'm gonna go to heaven and steal sin but
that shit ain't gonna work give a damn
what you won't I said me you gonna put
put full of them back he's sound
understand we got the money
we ain't got shit daddy got money
you dope old motherfucking in the family
your punk-ass ain't working no god damn
well ain't bought one can of groceries
ain't shit being on the light bill you
put all their motherfuckers back you
keep talking that shit to me
145 damn dollars for a shoot air Jordan
I don't even like Michael Jordan no
motherfucking mo how much money he need
got 30 million to play with the Bulls
fuck you charge 145 for a shoot for
y'all to get him motherfuckers away for
$30 biggest mistake I made with my son I
put his ass in a private school biggest
mistake I ever made
last year was his last year this year
his ass is in a public school I want him
to get that same education his daddy got
I'm sending that motherfucker to Martin
Luther King junior high that's where
your ass is going so you get an
education in a public school it's a
whole nother kind to learn it ain't just
eight times eight is it's 8 times 8 is
64 see that's public school better
you'll be trying to do some shit off the
top of your head but god damn it that's
the education I want his ass to hell
motherfucker beer man got demoscene see
flowing four is eight but see it take on
a whole nother meaning when what full
and four is eight
I wouldn't give a shit about what you
talking about lady if you don't get the
fuck out my show you will be so heavily
involved in this motherfucker you will
wish to god you wasn't even here what
the fuck you gonna think you going to
correct me
Jesus goddamn jokes I'm telling anyway
say no motherfucking class on math
wouldn't give a shit if I fuck them two
plus two is sixteen
god dammit just go with it got no time
to figure this shit out I'm trying to
get Lance up here
shit ain't like these numbers no goddamn
wait soon as we get past this bullshit I
got a joke lined up for your crazy ass
and got a goddamn thing to do with these
numbers
this heifer gonna correct me in public
without a goddamn microphone I don't
believe that shit
you must think causing some white folks
in here I ain't gonna tell yo ass up but
you're wrong about that shit I don't
give a shit who here
[Applause]
everybody in here heard me say folk and
folk is eight this helpful in huh trick
as my herd fo x folk then what fucking
show she listening to
see back in the public school I kick her
ass
I walk out there beat the fuck out her
goddamn it up Peter ass like I ain't
even Noah cuz that's the education you
get out of public school you under some
pressure trying to learn in there you're
trying to memorize when Columbus
discovered America somebody then looked
at you at nine o'clock in the morning
and said when the bell rang I'm kicking
your ass Oh Lord
send my son to this private school I
told him I said look man when I send you
up here I want you to just learn the
math the English the history and then
come on home don't bring into my house
boy no philosophy that you have learned
at the private school because that shit
does not apply to real life there is
little returns kids that ain't living
like I live I'm gonna teach you a whole
nother philosophy do not bring it in the
house I'm in the house one day and I'm
cooking I'm in the kitchen and I could
feel his eyes watching me you know I
know when somebody watching me because
I'm from the projects you know I was in
there cooking
he's standing I can tell he got some
shit on his mind cuz you know when a 15
and he want to say something they keep
rocking a lot you know so I'm looking at
him giving that up and down look you
know let him know I won't thank his shit
you know so I said what's up see he say
I won't talk to you I said we'll go
ahead man get it out he said you can't
whoop me no mo
he said all you can do from now is
ground me I said motherfucker fine
and close enough to the ground for your
punk-ass now get the fuck up and go in
your room