very nice agree thank you I hope I live
up to your expectations I realized today
that I need a hobby because my workday
just started like now right now and
here's the thing it's not even that big
a part of my day
so even if it doesn't go well it's like
you know it's still pretty good fucking
day like it wasn't a bad day it just
ended a part at work for an hour just
didn't go to my liking and then I had a
great day otherwise because my whole
life is basically you know it's hotels
being in a hotel just waiting for the
show sad right just waiting for the show
to start and you're like what am I going
to do can only jerk off so many times
before you like alright I'm gonna do it
again but right now it hurts to find
something else to do die absolutely ruin
hotel rooms like if you stay in a hotel
room after I stayed there shit is going
to etch on you okay hang on
come on hotels are great everybody
allows hotel especially when you check
in with your significant other why
because you know in a hotel you're going
to have sex you're going to have an
elevated form of sex you're going to
have hotel room sex which is let's have
sex but let's also disrespect this room
now I do that too except I'm alone
like I always wipe my balls on the
curtains because I know they don't
change though think about that the next
time you want some sunlight
or don't just know that it's on your
hand you know I mean here's I've been
trying to figure out I got into online
shopping recently I guess that's a thing
here's what I've been doing though I
shop for things that are like way out of
my price range and then after a while I
go oh yeah I can't afford that like
today I was looking at yachts online and
then I was telling myself I didn't want
them as if they were an option you know
I was like 155 feet that's not even big
enough for all my friends and family I'm
not getting that shit fuck am i doing
you don't do that you ever go down like
a rabbit hole online and then like six
hours have gone by and you're like I'm
shopping for the private jet that best
suits my needs I think I thought this is
it right here the g550 how much is this
place order fifty three million dollars
oh maybe not now but maybe later I'll
just bookmark that show for now you know
what that is that's a sense of
entitlement that's me
thinking I should be associated with
this thing and I haven't earned it I
haven't either of you but also me I get
that feeling the most when I get
upgraded to first class yeah I fly every
week I never buy first-class ticket to
buy coach tickets i buy them so much I
get bumped up to first class I'm telling
you the moment I get bumped up to first
class I get washed over with this
feeling I'm like look at these fucking
poor pieces of shit
so much better than that don't stand
next to me dude I dare you to try to
come up from coach and use the
first-class bathrooms when I'm there
I'll put my hand on your chest okay
there's a pig trough in the back that's
for you guys for the big ball is up
front
some people buy first-class tickets I
always feel like they know you got
upgraded they always give you the look
like by the way we fucking know you can
sit up here but you're not like us god
it's so weird people people ask me to
create like I get asked fucking travel
advice from strangers
can we just break down how crazy that is
like people come up to me and they're
like hey you travel a lot right and I'm
like yeah where should I go I don't
fucking know you man
you ask travel advise to people who know
you intimately they know you well they
can guide you
based on though they know about you it
means you don't ask strangers dining
advice right because you like I have a
where should I eat tonight I know I've
never met you before in my life but do
you think you could give me a
recommendation yeah you should try this
dim sum place and then that person like
oh I hate the Asian world and you're
like oh shit I didn't know that about
you
yeah I killed like four of them what are
you like a serial killer or something
yeah now you're in an awkward
conversation with a serial killer here's
all I'm saying I can't tell you where to
go I can tell you where not to go
wherever they film the first 48 on A&E;
now if you're not familiar with the show
here's what it is
camera crews follow real homicide
detectives for the first 48 hours after
a murder and the reason that that time
distinction is so important is that
after 48 hours they give up on that
murder they're like that's some old shit
what do you want to do this
you're like how about you keep trying to
solve that murder man I should have been
on Monday is Wednesday we're not going
to solve that shit there are so many
amazing moments on that show so many a
lot of the episodes take a similar path
I'm blown away first of all and how many
times there's a witness to a murder it's
crazy
I always thought murders happened in
dark alleys nobody saw shit no every
other episode like you see that shit I
was like that's all I should wear right
fucking here
really I was standing here and then he
killed that dude
what'd he look like he was like 5 to 2 6
8 something like that snow that's the
fucking description you're going to give
it uh-huh
anything else about him yeah he had ears
too
thanks man no problem
they still will sketch that shit out huh
and they show it to people do you know
this guy and everyone's like nah then
one guy be like yeah that's cricket
right there to help shit you know him
I've been off pretty poor evigan what's
his real name
man ashes cricket and I don't even know
stop being white and weird that's a
perfect fucking impression and you know
exactly who that was okay
yeah it's black guy and he's wearing a
wife beater and got on a dirty hat he's
got a cigarette hanging out of his mouth
he looks like he's about 33 but you find
out he's 76 years old and he speaks
super aggressively to the cops I've got
it knowing all right all right jeez
was the last time you saw him he can't
do with jellyfish that week looking for
the smoke tonight are they always cut to
the whitest detective from that guy do
they cut from that guy to the guys like
I don't think he can help us out we're
gonna have to find cricket on our own
that show has the best moment in
television is the most dramatic thing
you could ever see because realized and
that is the interrogation the
interrogation is amazing because here's
the thing about drama you want to have a
great dramatic moment raise the stakes
guess what there's no higher stakes than
somebody being questioned about taking
somebody else's life it's inherently
compelling television it is also super
serious but the detectives insist on
using the suspects street name so the
whole thing turns into a fucking cartoon
like they're literally like your life is
on the line we need to talk to you watch
you have a seat a little stank watch you
sit down for a second did you or did you
not know Dukey shoes oh no no do cashews
I got a picture you hanging out at dukes
shoes I may not seen them I don't know
and then they'll throw one bit of
evidence against the wall hoping it'll
solve the case they'll be like we were
talking to I mean he said that you were
at the 7-eleven last week and he'll be
like yeah shot up in the face and you're
like god damn really that's all it took
to break you
dude lie live for longer you can kill
somebody you can't live for 10 fucking
minutes about it it dudes will break on
anything they like we heard you had on a
blue shirt last Friday yes to have those
four people dude a lot of people have
blue shirts man you can still get out of
this here's what I've learned watching
that show okay lawyer up you can't
handle that shit
everybody's like I'm going to talk to
the cops and straighten this whole thing
out you're gonna do 25 to life have fun
with that man
nobody asked for a lawyer I've seen 300
people get interrogated on this show two
of them were like uh talked to a lawyer
and both times the detectives were like
and then at the end of those episodes
that sit on the screen all charges
against tayshaun were dropped or Jim
take a fucking name let's be honest
there's no Jim's on the show I've seen
every episode and none start with hey
Bryce we talked to you for a second man
where were you last Friday I was over at
Tanner's house then Skylar had a party
so we went over there and then we picked
up Connor and we had pancakes
sorry bro the detective bro bro I swear
to god there's no more liberating and
fun thing to do in this world and scream
and your best aggressive black guy voice
holy shit so much fun I highly recommend
you do it not if you're black you're
black you already do it but if you're
white do it do it in public do it where
there are black people and here's a
little secret if you do it well there's
a possibility that a black guy will yell
back in return I do it all the time I
live in Los Angeles pick your spot I go
to Crenshaw there's never a shortage
there I do like hang back and I go hey
yeah sometimes sometimes the black I'll
go something
I did it to Big Daddy Kane one time I
swear to God I swear and to God you
don't know who Big Daddy Kane is you can
go fuck yourself okay I'm staying on
Sunset Boulevard a limousine pulled up
like for sunset yeah all right a limo
pulled up like 30 feet from me legends
like alright see the door open who's
getting out of this limo expecting like
a bachelor party or some shit fucking
Big Daddy Kane like get some fuck out of
here and something just took over you
know the spirit grabbed me and I was
like okay and his head whipped around he
was like you know what somebody over
there did that shit I want me if you
ever see Big Daddy Kane please do the
same shit that every week it's another
City for me I could ask the same
questions every week by people are
people the same everywhere
know some places suck and they have
shittier people I just gave you a
sociology degree how about that you like
that
here's one universal truth about people
though this one is true and that is that
everybody just wants to connect it
doesn't matter where you go or what
language you speak people just want to
connect and you know when you have
chemistry with somebody you know if
you're like I want to hang out with this
person or I want to date this person or
I want to harness this person to the
bottom of my big rig and drive around
for a while and bury them 18 miles west
of Lake Worth and when I Drive by I'll
get a boner we all have these thoughts
right sometimes there's nothing there
and people try to force a connection I
think that's just rude I'm checking in a
hotel a few weeks ago the guy comes from
behind the counter he goes where are you
from
I said Los Angeles and he goes yeah I
got family in Denver and I was like what
a coincidence and he goes yeah they got
a furniture store I was like ah I like
to sit on furniture
we're two for two I have shoes on give
shoes on do you like to walk around
let's fucking party there's nothing
there sometimes there's nothing there
and that's okay you're not supposed to
connect with everybody on the planet
that would be absurd you should embrace
that I've been doing this you should do
this too next time you're at a bar
you're just out walking around and
somebody goes hey man just go nope I'm
all friended up I feel like I just want
to know what time it is look I only tell
my friends with time and you'll feel
like a dick but then you get over it
real quick I feel like no matter where I
go ten times a day I find myself asking
myself this question I find myself going
like hey man is anybody else seeing this
shit right now have I stepped into a
parallel fucking universe or something
like I went to buy a coffee just a few
weeks ago from a coffee place just so
there's no confusion I didn't go to a
shoe store I went to a coffee place okay
I go to the lady behind the counter I go
can I have a coffee and she goes well we
had a special promotion and today for
two dollars you can get this string and
it has a vanilla and there's whipped
cream and there's sprinkles on
and I was like that's cool I don't want
that may I have a coffee and she goes
it's the last day of this special
promotion I was like oh I think I
understand the full scope of the
promotion may I have a coffee
she's like you're a fucking loser here's
the thing this woman was enormous
okay she was she looked like four people
melted into one so I was like you know
what you're super fat
you know when shit tastes good hook that
shit up I want to try it right and she
goes two dollars yeah all right then I
extended a 20 and she goes I go I'm
sorry
and she goes I don't have to change for
that and I was like oh so what do you
want to do now are you saying I have too
much money to shop here and she goes we
just can't handle it I was like handle
it it's a 20 like I didn't put the Hope
Diamond on the counter and go figure it
out stupid like it's reasonable right
and she was just all shoulders like I
know nothing you have no solution she
goes do you still want coffee like yet
that part's never changed that's why I'm
here
I know you can't resolve this at all
she goes you can ask somebody else for
change and I go another customer in line
yeah I go what about the box with
buttons in front of you so I turn around
to the line of people and I go excuse me
do any of you guys have changed
everybody's like please fucking asshole
like you're at the place to get changed
you're right there then this one Arab
guy I'm not saying that means anything
but he was so why I leave it out of the
story he goes I have everything and I
was like oh and then he opened his
attache and he had every denomination of
every currency like wreck to go I want
one of those I want one of those
oh he's the yes yes
yes now enjoy your pussy drink okay all
right
and then why you'd know something I
drank that pussy drink and that's the
best shit I've ever had in my entire
life
we'll see to things forever I'm not sure
that's what they're called to take your
chances but it would be cool if you went
to a Starbucks tomorrow and you're like
how can I get a pussy drink and they're
like I think I know what you want hold
on was like can we just all agree on one
thing can we just fucking get on board
with the fact that it is time to see an
end to the man who walks around in
public with a cowboy hat on like he's
not wearing a cowboy hat in public I see
these guys everywhere banks grocery
stores airports and now not only do I
see guys wearing cowboy hats but they
have adopted the cowboy persona like
where they think their actual fucking
play this what pardon me ma'am I'll tell
you foot up tail you put I'll tell you
what you look fucking ridiculous right
now
like you're a cowboy really
cockadoodledoo a bang bang bang bang
bang bang
fuck out here here's all I want from
Cowboys just be cowboy all the way
alright
work with livestock like if somebody
says let's go get a beer I want to hear
you say I got to shave some sheep and
your disputes with a pistol if somebody
cuts you off in line be like meet me at
the saloon at noon I'm a cowboy and you
better ride a horse everywhere you wear
a cowboy hat you shouldn't be allowed to
sit in cars or look at planes you should
just be like I tell you what I tell you
put San Francisco sure is a pretty city
yeah I'll see you there in six months
when you get there on your fucking horse
if you're a cowboy then I am a knight
I'm a knight and I'm going to wear armor
every day in case somebody wants to
joust and you leave me alone because I'm
doing the Queen's work okay mummy she
likes to be Cowboys were than anybody
you know who three-year-olds because
they're not developed yet and they go
mummy you go yes you're a cowboy and
your sister's a princess and your
father's fucking Batman
if you live in la-la land you don't know
what's going on right now cowboy hat
should come with class rings so I feel
like the same guy that buys one buys the
other anyway you know
check it out
87 i scored 14 touchdown today here what
are you doing now I'm just thinking
about killing myself okay why don't you
get a Corvette and make it a whole kit
oh I just realized my fuckin I do have a
hobby it's probably the saddest most
pathetic hobby there is and that is just
watching television shows what is a
lamer than like what do you do for fun
what's your hobby i watch TV
that's so indicative of our country and
like some people are amazing with that I
build furniture like that's your job no
no I'm a urologist but like on the side
like I'll be like I like I like to watch
my shows I don't like the way people
knock TV though it's all the all the
same cliche shit they said we were kids
they now say as adults right they're
like oh you know you know you watch too
much TV it'll rot your mind or you can't
learn anything from television but
that's not true you can learn a lot from
television for instance without
television I would have no idea that
Steven Seagal is out of his fucking mind
or alive I also didn't know that
he has a show it's not a scripted show
it follows around the real Stephen Segal
and every episode begins with him
looking in the camera and saying I don't
know if you knew this or not but for the
last 20 years I've been a cop you're
like what did you just say I thought
you've been making shitty movies for the
last 20 years what are you talking about
you watch the show he has the most
unlikable quality in a human being which
is that he is an expert in everything
literally if a dog walks by he's like
that's a shih tzu Boxer hound mix right
there and they're like how do you know
that they have a word with dogs for like
35 years then a helicopter flies by he's
like that's a hu be 106 and they're like
how do you know that he's like Sutphin
flying helicopters for like 47 years
then he does the thing though that
everybody does who knows something about
everything everybody has a friend no
matter what you're doing they know the
history of it all they know every topic
every fucking fact if you're eating
dinner they're like you know Forks are
from the Roman times and they would
sculpt them out of barking like we shut
the fuck up and let me finish his food
so Gaul will do that too but you know
he's making it up they were like you
know they also call that helicopter a
Skippy and they're like why he goes
listen to it skin skin skin skin sister
that's bullshit
you made that shit up
there's it it just blows my mind really
does that everybody in this room
everybody has this real-world
possibility in their lives all of us we
could go tonight if we wanted to tonight
you could go to Louisiana
you could start a fight in a bar and
there is a real-world possibility that
Stephen Segal will arrest you isn't that
insane to you I've lost sleep over this
shit I mean that's crazy that's
literally like if you leave here and you
roll through a stop sign and then
sylvester stallone is like roll it down
and you're like get the fuck out of here
you work here is my passion you say
hadrian or something
it's not you have to watch the show
hee-hee panders to every group according
to race knowing full well there's a
camera crew following him around didn't
give a shit if you're white his eye has
it going all right and then to black
people he's like what's up cuz they're
like hey what's up I'm holding you down
so how did you meet some okay and then
to all Latino spanish-speaking people he
insists on speaking horrific ly broken
Spanish even if they start the
conversation in English if they're like
hey yeah i called 9-1-1 thank you for
coming the thing is he's like hola
mucho guess so I think my English is way
better than your Spanish man he's like
no that's yes and then to all Asian
people he bowed regardless of where he
made something if you're Asian and you
crossed Steven Seagal's
path and you sit they go hey I was born
here you dick like you'll have to do
that he's like sorry I would do martial
arts for like 85 years he trains other
cops and hand-to-hand combat I think
that's infuriating for those cops it's
not like we're hanging out with like hey
man do you want to do a couple shots and
then go down the street Steven Seagal is
teaching people how to throw punches and
we're like okay that's like no it's
you're a cop and you show up at work and
they're like we're going to go over a
hand-to-hand combat today so you can
protect yourself if you're in a really
dangerous situation you're like oh cool
who'd you bring in to teach us like some
Navy SEALs or Green Berets and they go
no no we run in Steven Seagal
like I wish to do a fucking movie this
week or something okay I'll pass because
that's ridiculous I don't wanna be a
part of that that's literally like if
you're like at NASA they're like all
right future astronauts we're going to
go over space exploration and to get us
started
why don't you welcome Captain Kirk come
on out man you're like is he qualified
to do this no like how you've seen him
do all that shit yeah he knows we talked
about it he's been up there they show
him teaching people how to fight it's
horrible he's bloated now he doesn't
have the same range of motion so
everybody line up somewhat if somebody
throws a punch you can you can black it
like that
and then any you could kick them in the
throat like that are you kicking a child
in the throat right now some people's
toes are down there
I like Havarti cheese the most was your
favorite I'm sorry that I'm fat I just
realize how fat I was about how when did
I got from just doing those little
motions
hmm Jesus it's ridiculous sometimes I
just look in the mirror and I'm like
fuck I lied to myself all the time I
cheat like I'll look in the mirror and
like yeah that's what you look like it's
all these little things you don't think
about you just do it out of Matt here's
I really had to call myself out I was
getting into a shower in a hotel and
it's one of these hotel bathrooms
there's mirrors everywhere and as I was
stepping in the shower look and I was
like oh my god like look at you can't
believe somebody lets you fuck them this
is crazy
I always like it when I eat myself out
of breath it's like that's a good boost
my day you know I'm eating and I go
better a few moments later when you get
to think about it you're like why did I
just stopped to take a deep breath oh
yeah my body also needs air you fat
fucking turd
the fattest thing you can do a week ago
maybe not the fattest thing I think the
saddest thing you can do is probably eat
another fat person right
like if you're fat and you see another
fat guy you're like this end is
delicious
you super fat I didn't do that I did
however go out to eat I went out to
breakfast I had a croissant
everybody knows what a croissant is
right it's a flaky second thing at 8:00
one and one is enough and then I left
this place and I was walking down the
street and I saw a bakery and I was like
I wasn't with dare croissant tastes like
so I entered a second venue to shovel
bread into my stupid fat mouth and the
big payoff is that when I was done I got
to go
oh no the first place has better
croissants
yeah
I had a catastrophic diarrhea this
morning and I just found out that not
everybody does here's how I found out
we moved my wife and I moved to a new
place in the new place the living-room
couch is closer to that bathroom than it
was in the old place so the second day
or there I go in there I do my thing
when I walk out my wife is no longer
sitting on the couch
she's now standing holding car keys and
she goes do you need to go to the
hospital
I go for what she goes for what just
happened in there I know what just
happened in there she goes is that
normal for you I was like I don't
remember what happened so I guess so
Jesus how often do you shit like that
I was like everyday because oh my god is
there blood in there there could be I
don't know I just go laughs and I hit
flush because you don't look at it and I
go where am I supposed to look it's
everywhere you want me to look at each
individual beads no I paint the bowl and
then I wash it away that's how I found
out at 34 years old that not everybody
has diarrhea every day I feel like you
know wives have to get in one last jab
to because first of all this wasn't even
an argument this was a conversation and
she won the conversation okay she did I
feel horrible about my digestive system
you win settled I'm sitting I'm sulking
I'm on the couch she's going to leave
this day right and she stops at the door
she's leaving the house and she goes you
know you're probably going to die and I
was like cool babe have a good day I'll
soon you go home
and I start thinking about it like maybe
I'm gonna die I went to the doctor that
day and I'm gonna be completely honest
with you I went to the doctor and I was
like all right I'm just gonna get a
check-up see what's going on the honest
truth is I knew it wasn't gonna be
awesome okay
I knew the doctor wasn't going to be
like you might be surprised to hear this
but you're perfect like you're a perfect
physical specimen that I knew that
wasn't going to happen but I didn't
expect him to be a dick usually they're
not I feel like in my experience doctors
are polite almost overly polite where
it's phony and condescending only goes
huh we're the interesting story you got
there doctors do that because you're
telling them a story and doctors don't
want to hear a story doctors want to
hear this hurts not I was over at my
friend Charlie's house and we went to
move the Ottoman and I mean you can use
it as a coffee table or you could use
that as an ottoman so to you any doctors
like I want to blow my fucking brains
out right now I go in there I sit on the
exam table which is my least favorite
table to sit on in the world it's the
only table that in 30 years I've sat on
where my feet don't touch the ground so
I feel like a fucking toddler waiting
like my doctor comes in he doesn't say
hello
doesn't say good morning he just walks
in he points at me which is super
aggressive you know to start a
conversation with somebody like hey man
you like hey what's up man
and he goes do you want something for
your hair I go what and because do you
want something for your hair and I go I
don't get it you go says nobody told you
that your hair's falling out I was like
damn No and he goes uh sorry alright
then he pulls my chart out of the slot
super dramatic so that it makes a
fucking noise he goes and he goes Wow
I'm like really Wow is it full-blown
AIDS
like why is Wow he goes you weigh 245
and I go like yeah like I knew that shit
he goes you weighed 230 last time you
were here not exactly what I would call
weight loss I'm like are we gonna fuckin
roast or something right like what are
you doing then he says you know you're
the fattest patient I've seen all day
and I go it's 9:30 in the morning
and he goes still he's like you know we
ran your blood work it turns out your
muscle enzymes are through the roof and
I go yeah man like I'm super strong like
how is that a problem
and he goes they're off the charts I'm
like even better
I'm probably the strongest patient man
and he goes I don't think you understand
muscle enzymes and I go that's true I
don't know what they are and he goes
well the only way you could have them
this high would be like a if you were an
Olympic athlete which clearly you know
I'm like dude what is the deal man
he goes the other way would be if you
were a cocaine addict and I go I don't
do coke and he goes be a doctor you know
what to lie to me like I'm not lying
because I can't treat you you're not
going to be honest I go hey man our coke
head skinny is not like part of the deal
he goes usually yeah the nurse comes in
she takes my chart out of his hands and
she goes oh my god his muscle enzymes
are so high
maybe he runs marathons and my doctor
goes look at him so at this point I go
this was a lot of fun thank you for
having me today I'm gonna leave now and
he goes all right there he goes ho ho ii
give a ring on your finger and I go yeah
he goes you're married when I go yeah
then he goes to a guy and I go no when
he goes oh I thought you were gay
and I go why and he goes oh I'm like all
right dude and he goes hey I'm just
kidding and I go that's fine it goes but
check it out and he takes my chart and
he shows it to me and he had written gay
question mark on my medical chart
the thing that gets sent to other
doctors has his inside maybe he sucks
packed rogue written on it I went home I
told my wife she's like oh my god what
are you gonna do I was like what do you
mean she goes I mean are you ever going
to go back there I'm like are you out of
your mind
that's the funniest fucking doctor in
the world of course I'm going back there
they have like Don Rickles is my primary
care physician amazing I'm faking
injuries to go back to this guy you know
you're a piece of shit yeah he's fuckin
amazing oh my god
I do think about death I just want it to
be justified you know like if I die
violently you know maybe I have like
Serena Williams sitting on my face and
no no Venus is polishing me off and
they're trying to fit a racquet in my
ass or somethin like that
then my wife comes in aluminum like
fucking done
fun that way I don't want it to be a
dhama death I feel like there's dumb
deaths that they kind of subtly mock
like on the news do they do they'll be
like in local news they'll be like and
then also coming up a guy I was trying
to get a soda out of a vending machine
and then it fell on him and they're like
you're like that could happen to you it
could be like you know like I would go
to the fucking mall and I fall down the
stairs and then they send the news crew
and they're like what happened they
interviewed the dumbest fucking guy when
he's like I've seen him fall and he
don't move no more you're like that's my
eulogy thanks a lot man feel like I was
going to die a few months ago I called a
car service take me to the airport you
know when you're like I got 60 bucks
let's fucking do this right this nice
town car comes to the house guy gets out
he's got all white hair much older man
from the beginning he makes me
uncomfortable
he calls me sir on a fever a guy way
older than you call you sir you're like
hey man you're like a thousand years old
you have a couple weeks to live maybe
how about we drop the formality okay I
get in the car he was the temperature
all right sir I go it's fine because we
take a bottle of water sir and I go you
don't call me sir you just call me Tom
and at that moment all of his
professionalism went out the window the
very next thing he said was a you smoke
weed and I was like I mean yeah
sometimes and he goes you want to smoke
some now I was like I mean yeah
but I don't think my driver should be
offering me you know he doesn't miss a
beat he opens the console he takes out a
joint he lights it he passes it back I
hit it out of respect
ragged he's old then I give it back to
him and the next thing he says yeah I
can't drive unless I'm fucked up I'm
like you hear what you just said he goes
yeah I'm ripped right now I'm like well
hands on ten and two motherfucker I keep
it together I goes does that all you do
smoke weed I can handle a guy that
smokes weed he goes well I love it all
I'm like what's all that's a broad
statement because I love coke
I love heroin but there's nothing like
smoking rocks you know what I'm saying I
was like no I don't know what you said
mind you this is while he's driving so
it's actually like I love smoking racks
well you know I'm like dude turn around
so you're can I ask you something he
goes yeah what's up I go what's it like
to smoke
rocks I've never done that before and he
goes
i blaze that the whole sense is that is
because that shit is the best I like to
do personally is I like to sit in my
apartment and fire them up and then I
look out the people and I watch people
walk around and I just freak the fuck
out about what's going to happen next
and then it gave me a head nod like
doesn't that sound awesome but dude that
sounds terrible
that's called a panic attack and that's
a horrible sales pitch for crack now I'm
definitely not going to try we close to
the airport I go it's none of my
business I think you to olds be messing
with all these drugs you don't do it
anymore time yeah it was sir at the top
of the ride now it's time you piece of
shit I don't do it anymore I did it when
I was younger and I go all right and he
goes I mean I still did every once in a
while but you know what they say if we
do some every once in a while it's not
that bad for you and I was like dude I
think they mean that about like pizza
and chocolate
nobody ever means that for crack you
know
never heard what do you do I'm smoking
rocks well not every day okay you crazy
kid weeds not a big deal I don't know
what the fuck people make a big deal of
the weed you know you see a change I
mean states have it legalized I don't
know why the perception I find from
other people about California they think
that we're like the wild fucking website
people though you live in LA you guys
smoke joints to tell the cops to suck
your dick right and I'm like yeah that's
exactly right yeah you should do that
too when you come out
LAPD's super into that to take your
joint flick it up like suck my dick man
they'll laugh and high-five me
it's so different I mean first of all
all right let's get clear if you get a
medical card one of the things that
people don't know they have expiration
dates on them and you have to renew your
card all the time and it's not what you
think it's not exactly the easiest thing
you litter you have to get in your car
you have to drive down to a place that's
it that's all you guys did is take like
five minutes but my card expired three
years ago I sell renewed it I try to go
to a dispensary a few weeks ago and
there's two rooms there's the room they
check you out in and check your stuff
and then there's the main room with all
the goodies right and the guy took my
card and it goes dude I can't let you in
your card expired three years ago I was
like come on man and he was like all
right like wow I'm a really good
negotiator huh
I really well once you put it like that
yeah
getting that medical card is surreal my
experience was surreal I went to a
doctor's office and it's not doctor
dickhead that I was telling you about
this is a different doctor he's a doctor
because he got a business card and he
put d'art period on it his office was
such a piece of shit that you could hear
the conversation going on between the
doctor and the patient ahead of you
which is never supposed to happen
so as I'm waiting for my turn to go in
I'm waiting and I hear the doctor go Oh
what is your medical need for marijuana
and the guy in there goes oh I have a
bone disease I was like oh shit
I don't have a bone disease like like
it'd just be like weeds awesome he'd be
like yeah I've talked to no man like so
I start to panic and turn like what am I
going to say and in my mind I just go to
the worst shit like my mom's like just
say you have eight like just tell me of
AIDS I hope you like when you find out
like I just found out like five minutes
ago you don't seem that bummed out I'm
just happy to be here so let's wrap this
shit up man
for some reason I picture him asking me
to prove it which they would never be
like prove it and I left my age card at
huh oh that's way too dramatic just dial
it back oh my god I'll just stab cancer
that's much more believable then that's
our thing of all my family members that
have died of cancer I'm like man if I
say I have cancer just to get weed I am
getting cancer next fucking week by the
time I have that thought I'm sitting in
front of the doctor he's like I go what
he goes what is your medical need for
marijuana and the best I can come up
with on the spot is a my eyes hurt and
he goes you have vision problems I go oh
yeah and he goes you don't wear glasses
and I go can hurts everything hurts ow
he writes me a prescription I go to
leave as I leave I see the guy who's
going in next and I don't know why I
think it's going to be funny to listen
because I think he's not going to get it
and I'll tell you why I completely judge
the guy because the guy's your typical
la cholo Mexican gang banger okay it's a
very specific look you've seen movies
you know what the fuck I'm talking about
khaki Dickies with an oversized white
t-shirt Chuck Taylors and LA hat and
also an L a cat and like this general
area here looks like off I lose my hat I
stubbed my favorite team right fucking
here so I listened at the door like ah
and I hear the doctor go what is your
medical need for marijuana and the guy
goes I just really like the way that we
makes me feel and then the doctor wrote
him a prescription for that yeah you
don't have to lie you can just be like
weeds awesome he's like yeah fucking no
I feel sorry for all the people with
diseases they keep coming in here man
last year's I didn't even worked was sad
lucky you have your health si
what are they I'm always trying to set
goals and latest go I'm trying to be
less polite you know because the world
is not as polite as you're raised to
believe it's going to be you know I
don't understand why we accept that when
you say thank you people don't have to
say you're welcome anymore people have
stopped now you say thank you and people
give you a nod I want to stab you in the
fucking ears if you do that shit
any like thank you I go I go did you not
did you not just hear what I just said
to you man
and you get like a follow-up nod so now
I skip it all I just take shit and I go
I find rudeness everywhere I think the
rudest person in the world is a person
that waits outside of a grocery store
with a petition for you to sign what a
fucking asshole you are they do that and
you know why that's a shitty thing to do
they're systematically trying to ruin
your happiness because you're leaving
the grocery store you're feeling what
you're feeling happy yeah I guess so I
mean look it's gonna be a good week
all right and then they stopped me a
breast sir can you look at this I'm like
look at what and like do you want
children to starve and die on the
streets and I'm like now I do now that
you just ruin my day I do yeah
I want you to die first night I went all
them today I say the opposite of
whatever they're trying to fucking get
me to sign like this is to teach blind
people how to do Shakespeare I'm like I
hope they all go deaf first you know
like Jesus oh my god it's fucking right
you're the asshole not me this is to end
the war in Afghanistan I go I fucking
loved war in Afghanistan it's my
favorite war I hope it goes on for a
thousand years they're like you're crazy
I'm like that's right I'm crazy remember
my face and never asked me to sign shit
together I can't get over rude people I
was in the hotel a few weeks ago I go
down the hotel gym get on the treadmill
I run I don't know 70 miles right 170
miles thank you hundred Sigma and I'm
alone
there's nobody in them sweating
hyperventilate then out of nowhere I
just hear getting it in my khakis its
Christ what guy who's you getting it in
I go get in what end
you getting a workout in Michael doesn't
it fucking look like it yeah he's got to
keep doing it I go okay because now I
used to be like you what I used to be
like you just got to keep eating right
and keep doing it you'll get there and I
was like dude I'm disabled feels like
I'm sorry
let me point something out it's okay for
me to make jokes about disabled people
and people with horrible diseases
because they make me uncomfortable and I
don't want to be like them
[Applause]
maybe that makes me a bad person I'm an
honest person and I'm telling you that
shit is terrifying I don't want to be
like them here's another bit of
information I also don't want to look at
them I don't I refuse to watch the
Michael J Fox show because I don't want
to see shaky face not stand still for
one friend the guy can't eat soup it's
depressing okay
trying to pawn this thing off as a
comedy get the fuck out of here
you're bumming everybody out how many
Parkinson's jokes am I supposed to
applaud with this thing I won't watch
the show I've seen a commercial I will
not watch that show you know why a
version of it plays in my head and it is
fucking awful and I think it's probably
accurate I really do I bet you that show
is nothing but setups for that shit I
bet it's just like here in the next
episode he goes a dad can you help me
hammer in this nail and he goes you know
they don't trust me with those
and then you get to go at home I get it
he's a fucking back of it you don't
think that's been fucking pitched in the
writers room it's pasta night dad can I
get some parmesan that's one thing I can
do forever I'm good
I said I'm good
you don't think the episode idea has
been talked about where he goes to work
and his coworker gets to say you know I
got to get my wife a vibrator that's one
thing my wife doesn't need and then you
can say oh I get it
laughing Ferguson and I want to see that
shit I'm sitting at home I'm trying to
have fuckin dinner I'm sitting on my
couch we have a table but I'm an adult
like I said wherever I want so I'm
sitting on the couch about to have their
and this fucking a girl two girls one
girl hooker two one a girl - girl one
girl who has two heads on one body comes
on their heads face each other the heads
would you look like they're gonna grunt
a little they're gonna go like that but
they don't
this comes on TV there's no warning on
the screen like hey in a second you
might shit yourself put down whatever
you're holding seriously I'm sitting
there about to eat chicken paprikash and
it's hot and I hope and I look up I go
ten seconds later I'm wiping the back of
my legs now
I'll be honest when she first appeared
on screen I was like hey lady you got
something on your shoulder no you you
got something on your shoulder but then
I realized Tommy
why are you so upset you love monsters
now here's what's upsetting about this
show if you're going to air a fucking
freak show which is what that is do you
mind
could you please include the freaky shit
that's why we're watching you watch this
show the two girls with the fucking one
body two heads my umbrella they're like
what yeah here's what she likes to do
she looks good fucking her nails done
what's the problem you're like she has
two fucking heads to face each other why
are you cutting out scenes that I know
exists there's got to be days where one
of it was like I feel like going out
tonight well I feel like staying home
while I control the legs we're fucking
going
what about people that one of them loves
and one of them hates that has to happen
they have separate minds we're going to
Tony's house that's fuckin hey Tony
well I'm gonna blow him so you better
get ready for ball duty
I can feel your judgement I reject your
judgement completely
first of all everybody loves blowjobs
technically I'm not making this shit up
if you're Siamese twin sister is doling
out BJ's you're along for the ride
you don't have to participate but you're
at least there I don't know giving notes
I guess you have arbol technique I can
see your teeth why is it so dry
[Applause]
all right we'll move it along
I get it not everybody is on board with
double-headed BJ will you at least admit
to me and more importantly to yourself
that you would love to see the girl with
two heads take a shit just to see if the
faces match up right just to see if one
of them's like ah it was like hey take
it easy it's my ass too
come on I really wish that each and
every one of you could see my internet
search history because I think you would
all say the same thing I think you would
all be like this is one sick twisted
deviant pervert who also loves current
events my history is literally a back
and forth volley of like big sloppy tits
smacked back and forth by 13 cocks
what's going on in Syria
feel badly about watching so much of it
too you know I it's lazy
I know watching that much porn is lazy
it gets in the way of other things I
want to do like learn another language I
love to learn another language
there's too much porn to watch why not
combine the two all right have you seen
these language videos they are boring
the man is sitting down have you seen an
anal gangbang super exciting here's what
I propose you download this series and
then tutorial number one begins to play
alright here's what happens an elevator
door opens a woman is giving a guy a
blowjob alright like an aggressive
blowjob not one of these like I mean
like you're like Jesus Christ is the
answer in there is that why she's doing
that and she has tears running down her
face and slobber all over herself as she
goes ball Oh which way is the subway I
will not get that mess at all
now it's sinking in some of you didn't
like that one I can tell by your faces
maybe that's because you're more
advanced and you're ready for tutorial
number two in this one a man is chained
to a wall his arms and his legs are
chained and he's completely naked and
you're like whoa what's going on here
and then a few seconds later a woman
enters frame and she's wearing I don't
know a 15-inch strap-on
she doesn't say hello or tap him on the
shoulder no warnings is Wow
you're like holy shit and she just goes
the hammer time she's like wow ah found
you're like what
and then after like the tenth stroke she
goes this salad is too spicy and I fell
out a pika mucho and you're like I'm
learning Spanish can somebody pass me a
cleaner I'm married like that segue I
like being married
I do you see a lot of comics you go to
shows and the really guy although I'm
getting out of the house just so I can
get away from that bitch you're like
well sounds like you married real
fucking asshole man that's awesome I
like it you know the best part about
being married is you get to stop
pretending and that's what like in
dating is it's an act you're on Broadway
forever long you're dating you're doing
an act and it looks exhausting so if
you're dating you've been out in public
and you see married people look at you
like this and you're like what the fuck
are they looking at they are tired for
you it is it's an act and it's exhaust
as you see it it's dated as a guy going
just you know I'm this guy and the girls
like we'll just so you know I am this
girl and then you get married and you're
like um so can we knock the shit off
and she goes I hope so I gotta fart
pretty bad I've actually had to farm for
like four years let that fart out
sexually liberating to get married it is
really especially for men because here's
what happens when you start dating
somebody you know your first thing is
like alright you see the girl and you're
like I want to get in there that would
be or however you phrase it in your head
right and then you go out a few dates
and as you get closer to the act the
magical acts happening a lot of times
the woman will ask a guy she'll be like
I also like what are you into what do
you like and this is when a man's brain
goes don't scare her you could fuck this
up for us so we lie to you then we're
like I like to hold hands and I like if
you go on my neck that's cool then you
get married and you're like I want you
to yank on my ball bag like you're stuck
at sea and this is the only motor that's
going to take you home
a lot of girlfriends can't handle that
shit girlfriends to be like what what a
wife a wife we'll go get it you're like
oh yeah I get you for like 50 years
she's like y'all spit butter in your ass
whatever you want man
however margarine I don't know whatever
you're into is fine
olive oil you find the longer you're
with somebody you're like everybody has
something everybody has something weird
and kinky and different everyone you
suppress it and you go like oh my god if
anybody knew oh my god I would fucking
die somebody that everybody has
something you're like no not everybody
what about Jim he wears a blazer Jim -
Jim likes to be hitting the nuts with a
wrench
okay Jim's out of his fucking mind I
tour the country I ask people all that I
hear shit you cannot make this I was at
a show I asked people in the art like
what's your fucking craziest thing and a
lady in the front row she does I have
one and I go what is then she goes oh
nevermind what is it and she goes all
right I like to think of different
scenarios in which to kill my husband
and I was like damn and he was sitting
right there he was like that's what's up
that's what she likes
like really she's like oh yeah I go you
go I'm super horny I had the best dream
you were floating in the pool and then I
stood with cement block at your head and
she goes that would be a great one same
show I swear the lady goes I have one
and I go what is it she goes AHA I like
to sit on my husband's face I go that's
not that unique you can't really claim
that that's your weird thing and she
goes yeah but I only like to feel his
eyelashes against my blood sheets and I
was like what and she goes mmm-hmm I
don't even know that was the thing she's
like oh yeah like where the fuck have
you been
now like what if you like you know
sneaks of liquor huh
like that she was I go now I just want
to feel screech blank screen
so stop feeling weird and sit on
people's faces
alright just what I want you look appear
with guys we've covered a lot of stuff
tonight we really have some of you might
you know not think highly of me I don't
know so you might be like this guy's
fucking stupid so we might think I'm
offensive some of you might think I'm
unenlightened I don't know I will tell
you this I believe in humanity
I do I believe we're all here together I
believe there's no such thing as
coincidence and I think I can tell you
the story that will also make you
believe this all right a few years ago I
was in Washington DC and I was sharing a
cab with a woman I didn't know never met
her before in my life we're splitting
the cab midway through the ride as I'm
looking out my window I hear the woman
go hey I thought she was gonna be like
hey like you one fuck something I was
like I can't I'm married so make it
quick
I look over I'm like what is it she goes
is this yours
and she's holding a wallet I go no it's
not mine she goes oh you must be the
previous riders wallet I'll just give it
to the driver and I go don't do that
look at him he looks like a cab driver
he probably smokes crack every once in a
while you can't trust these guys I go
give it to me I'll get it back to the
rightful owner and she goes really
I go yeah she gives me the wallet now I
feel obligated to find the owner but
here's the honest-to-god truth I really
want to I've always dreamed about
finding a wallet I don't know why I
dreamed I would find a wallet I would
open it it would have $1,000 in it I
would get it back to the rightful owner
and would turn out to be like Will Smith
and then he'd be like do you want a
helicopter I'll be like yeah and I'd be
like I got a family in Denver do you
like furniture so I open this wallet it
has $2.00 a grocery store rewards card
and a community college ID so I have
found not Will Smith's Walt
but I filter I do the right thing I call
the grocery store I explain the
situation and I go can you help me out
and they go no we're a grocery store we
don't track people down eggs are on sale
go fuck yourself
and I was like cool thank you thank you
for your help then I call the Community
College and I speak to literally every
department in the Community College for
four and a half hours before I finally
get a contact number I call the number
and a man answers the phone who I can
only imagine has never used the phone
before because he actually answers the
phone with a noise so just to break the
shit down I don't know if you've ever
used the phone before but usually when
you call someone and they pick it up
they say hello that's fucking it that's
what people say when they answer the
phone maybe they're in a bad mood what
those are the two options this man
answers the phone or picks it up and he
goes I go hello and he goes I go I'm
going to talk and then you talk
and he goes yeah
it was the first time someone explained
to him how fucking phone calls were up
into that point he's just like that made
a noise I'm gonna make a noise too so I
go hey I found this wallet I was given
your number I'm trying to return the
wallet he says it's probably my son's
wallet he's always losing shit because
he's a piece of shit that's the first
thing I even know how to respond like I
I go can I give him his shit back he
goes he's a real asshole and I go we're
talking about your son right now he goes
yeah I don't think he's gonna amount to
anything
I go Jesus Christ I go maybe he will
amount to something if he gets his
wallet back he goes yeah yeah I'll let
him know you called and then he hangs up
the phone without taking my information
so his plan is to go to his son and be
like some guy found your wallet I don't
fucking know he's like wow so I'm super
frustrated I try to do the right thing
right I forget about the wallet a year
goes by a year a calendar year I go back
to DC I go in town I call a friend we go
to a restaurant it's a random restaurant
we sit down and the waiter comes up to
take our order and I go Justin and he
goes how do you know my name I go dude I
have your wallet and he goes oh do you
have it on you I don't fucking walk
around with your wallet I don't know I
got my wallet and I got Justin's wallet
now I'm ready to go out no you fucking
psycho any goes do you want to hear
about today's specials I go do you want
to acknowledge that this is an amazing
moment in both of our lives he goes what
do you mean what do I mean I found your
wallet in a cab in DC a year ago I don't
know how many cabs are here but I think
it's a lot I got told no a hundred times
by a hundred people trying to find my
hotel room you should look like an
episode of NCIS there was pins and
charts connecting shit to each other I
spoke to your father who's not a fan I
don't know if you knew that or not I
come to a restaurant at random I get
seated in your section and I recognize
you from your ID that's burned into my
memory you don't think that's fucking
amazing and he goes we have a primary of
special wheels over penne pod
I can't eat I'm like what the fuck he
comes I go look I don't to make a big
thing here but I do remember that I have
your wallet in my bag my bag in my hotel
room if you want to come by I will give
you your wallet he goes okay
I go back to the hotel I hear a knock at
the door and now I'm expecting him to
lose his shit I think the situation
merits freaking the fuck out I think he
was playing a cool and now he's going to
be like I don't want to say this earlier
we should open a surf shop in maui
together
you know or like this is my newborn son
I want you to have let that shit
so here it knock at the door I open the
door I'm like hey and he goes hey you
got my wallet I go yeah I give it to him
and he goes cool and he turns around and
he walks away no it's not cool so I open
the door I see him about to get on the
elevator I go hey Justin yeah I go your
dad's right
you're fucking asshole and you're never
going to amount to anything and I shut
the fucking door you fucked up Justin
you could have been here man
thank you guys you were amazing have a
great night thank you thanks a lot